 networking to advanced ethical hacking .

networking concept.
 
What is networking?
 What is computer networking? 
How does it work?
What are the types of networks? 
What is IP address & their types? Role of ports in networking. 

What is communication? 
When two devices or entities communicate with each other or shares the information, this is 
called communication. 
What is computer networking?
When a computer with another computer through any 
source, and share any data, information, or software, it is known as computer networking
How does it work?  What are the things we can share on computer networks? 
We can share files, software We can share information. File or 
information we shared,  will be stored somewhere. If I've shared the file, 
it'll be stored in your system. If I've sent audio to you, it'll be stored in your system. If you have 
sent the software, it will be saved in your system.  So it is preserved information.
And security.
 What is security? 
 they do so through the protocol. TCP, UDP and  HTTP, communicate through any protocol,
the protocol takes care that  The protocol takes care that their data is transferred 
securely and preserved it securely. So they also  provide us security. Sharing of hardware is also
done in computer networking. Sharing of data.  Sharing of data. So computer networking provides us with all 
these terms
 When two systems want to communicate with each other, this 
communication is termed computer networking.  How computer networks works? 
 In Ethical hacking, networking plays an important role. to understand is the ISP. 
What is ISP? 
Internet Service Provider. Jio, Airtel, BSNL & any other networks who provide us with internet, 
are called ISP. You must be using some ISP You must be using some ISP internet in your home.
You will have either Airtel's or Jio's or BSNL.
 What does ISP do? 
ISP is an internet service provider.  Let’s understand the communication . When communication 
between ISP and Broadband/Router is built. ISP is providing the internet to broadband. Then what is 
it getting?  The router is providing IPS to everyone connected devices. 
But the IP that it is providing, is all  All the IPs that you see here are private IPs of broadband when it had no network access.
They do not exist in the wide-area network Private IP will not go because this IP is just
limited to this area. There is no importance of this  There is no importance of this IP outside this area. Then
which IP? This public IP, which the ISP has given it. has given it. Computer wants 
to access the Google. It writes google.com.  As soon as it generated a request to access 
Google. It searched google.com in its browser.  This packet is generated from here. 
What is destination IP? The destination at which  this packet is going. From here if the router generated 
a packet towards the Google server. We want access to your site. Source IP was router. Destination 
IP was Google's. That packet had to arrive there. So as soon as the router sent the packet. 
So the source IP that is here will be the router with routers public IP.





OSI model and TCP/IP Model. 

 
What is the full form of OSI? Open System Interconnection Model

performs different functions. It has some

functions which

help us in this tempered glass

communication i.e.  When systems had to communicate with each other

in computer networking, now they communicate by following all the models, because

standard communication
 defining some functions: with the help of which we can

set up extended communication between two systems and it is always

updated from bottom to top, that is, whatever

model it is, this bottom is now useful.  If it works, then it's fine, let's

look at it further. The next thing is

this model. We have the entire credit

box, how it works, how this model

works, we understand it very well. 
 we have 
application
presentation 
transport 
network 
data link and 
physical: this which is guaranteed from breaking because  first of all fit physically because so
this is what this works this transfer and our help in between that.

What will the bottom layer/Network and data layer do?
 it points out
where the data is going. It works on it from the address
society and definition of source and destination.


What will the transport layer do?
Appointment in the transport layer will tell that this packet has been
transferred to destination, the reply judgment in return will tell what When systems are 
connected to each other, a
connection is created between them, that link should
remain connected. it will
share whether that network is still
connected, whether this OSP is active or not
and if it is not active then it will decorate, is the
session connected there

After that, there is presentation.
What does a presentation date do? It does data
manipulation, like a data, it will encode it, it will encrypt it, it will convert it

into a zip file,
i.e. it will complicate it, so whatever
process happens, this presentation shares the
application layer
 
application layer.
 is a high level layer,
it helps us in resource sharing,

so now what are we sleeping? Suppose there is 
transferred that data from here, then
like if it goes to this type, then that data doesn't worry.

That means the biggest physical one will
do  the network will do all the work, then
transportation and presented in the
application, this is the whole process which is this
data regarding sharing of data.  Layers are
followed so that the data that is coming
or going will work properly.Proper
transfer and complete transfer and security
transfers are being done. So only after all this work is done, the model
sees it and because of the correct model, our  The
network communication that is taking place is
easy-going. Is the net speed that

TCP/IP model? What is TCP/IP model?
Transmission Control Protocol and IP
stands for Internet Protocol.
What is TCP/IP model helping us with?  basically the TCP/IP model 
is a model which is a practical version 
Just work, it has been practically implemented

Wide area network

TCP/IP is divided into two, 
it is 4 layer model or 6 layer model, both
are working the same, which is model.  
wide area network

in which we are transferring the data through

application 
transport layer
internet layer
network access layer and physically,
 



Protocol in Networking 

What is this network protocols types? 
to transmit the data,its chain reaction format will be there,
whatever centralization process is there, is done by device communication, the
device completes it with others. 
 So only the protocol is used, the protocol will
only take the data from one place to another, it is
told at which post the data
has to come or go, we follow all the roles,
then what is next is ours, then how many tasks are there 

Types of Protocols? 
 So here

we have the happy model flower on BTC,

after that remind our products here,

so we can see that

we have an application from here which has

shoes and has tabs penson subscribe

this transport transport layer.

Must subscribe the channel,

which is our IPL champion internet,

after that, the network which will

come from this side,

arrange most of the quantity state models,

how does it work for anyone,

that anyone has total six people, this quarter

inch  Plus and which flat or use is that

through this also TC is basically transmission

control protocol which helps in communicating between two devices

so

this product has some lights inside. Let us

understand how it works. First of all we have

urgent  What does it do? The

frog in the packet shoots me process. It

says that data is coming inside this packet.

If music is playing in that packet, then

work should be done on this project urgently.

Its private thing is that it says that  This is

that the communication is to be shared with someone

so this is our job is over.

Next 9 is from the news room.

Send it quickly so that we

can cross the connection. What does this knowledge

do for those who are sharing it?  Whatever you are sharing,

so that you can reach there, it provides the

man of the match. Subscribe.

How does it do these six things

? These two do not have to cut short each other. If you

absolutely have to talk to Sheela, then Bill

will follow any Harshit, that too.  When the data is

transferred, it is necessary to laugh before that,

while the connection is established and then the

data transfer starts, then

here Bill has made a request and

has sent a packet addressed to Sheela

in which just ring '

I am here'  Next flight Mirza

said to Sheela that I would like to talk to Shilpa

n4 so are you online what are you here are you

open show Milne Sheela has been asked report number 21

i.e. from a different route as we

understood in the first few videos that the airport

What happens is that there is a

way in between to minimize one system from another, then

similarly on the frill, the share is asking if the

port number is 90, then the number

is open, can I talk to you through a cigarette?  Start

adding in this by

sending a wish request here Shiva would give it to Sheela as soon as she

received the request Sheela was saying

ok electronic equipment 221 then Sheela said

I am open now we

can talk and said one thing through plus  By

selling 19th January, please know that your

request i.e. has come to me and

I will send it to you that I

can talk about double dip light bill in 2001.

After that,

to make this connection a simple step, this is what Sheela said.  The

request has come

that he will reply to the response received from Sheela

with a normal packet

in which he is saying OK thank you Sheela,

here as soon as he has sent the last two

enrollment labs, the

collection has been established in you at that very moment and

After this connection is stylish, a celebration is created

within which whatever data will be

transferred will continue until the

system trust which is TCP is not broken. Now let

us understand how it can be done. So let us listen here to hear about this special terminate.

How to get the adjective established?

Specifically, a

big part of the process is that our bill had

established a connection with Jayasuriya. The connection was established between registers. The

connection has to be broken. For example, the bill will

say, I am done with data transfer manager.

Transferring.  If the data has been transferred, then

we can say how can we say friends, show us

a request, inside it, in the flight,

it means finish I am, put dam share

and respond against it,

your mine has received your report, okay

in that, termination request is liberated.

How to do it,

like and share it from here,

subscribe to my channel,

subscribe, if you have not subscribed, then friends,

our work is

followed by fatherhood, duty is one

man show, just like in agriculture.  We will see that

first of all it goes till the day, that

entertainment comes,

most of the correction system is there in the middle of daily employment,

but here if we see, here only one

requested comes, here the response goes,

so here the investors are in mind.  Oil is

extracted, it happens in a wide network, the

virus network is vibrant and the

soil is also there, do not use the communication,

ADCO gets selected, here in UP there is only one

request, after that the data is

transferred











Hey students, how are you all? I,

Ashish Kumar, have brought a video for you all.

Domain name and address which is the

network, is there any important part about which I

explained so that the viewers can understand.

Ibrahim Total returned to learning four things.

Duminy gave notice.  The records in these are

used and what is flight Sumit out after

understanding let's start the first topic

which is what is fog, so let's

look at some points and

understand it well, what is dominant,

name of IP.  Easy to remember alarm,

I understand something, if any

person writes name on the internet, then as soon as it happens

in like subscribe,

how does it work, that was the

dorm Google.com,

how is it working, basically every one, I

One, you pin it, you connect it,

understand the purpose of making it, why Dominant was

made, because we have so many businesses,

these are useful, typing,

seven nine, F-18, example

can be kept in the side like this.  If we

cannot keep all the obstacles, then we have to appoint a member to keep it,

like this, basically we

need to work on the system only through the system which I have given, we

need it, our name is enough,

all the information is done in our name, so all the work is done.  It happens that

as soon as you

write your name while going to any portal, your mobile number, if you

write something positive then in my mind I show you the Aadhaar number,

this is also something similar, as soon as

we are requested on land, then that

domain automatically hits us at the height.  If it

does, then these were the friends: What is a domain name? What is

Beneficial Planets? What is a

domain name server? What is a domain name system? We have

told you its full form. It is a

domain name system. Let us see some of its shortcomings.

Its address proof is also

called internet.  It translates the domain

into IPC. Now where does the

actress go? If we have a

phone book in our house, what

information does it hold? Someone's name,

mobile number, office address. These three things are

kept in a confirmed form.  We are like this, it is

called an address because

it is between two men and a woman, whatever

information is there from whatever relation, all that

information is our one point minute,

which is called a room,

so all this information is recorded.  It is

saved in the format of , that is,

whatever question is there in the middle of Domino Life, all the

data will be stored here inside the June file. Now

whatever information is there, it is stored in that color,

in this it is called Address Book of

Internet so that no one can search for it.  If

we go to the dormitory then we will have to click on the same button,

how will we give the record, what kind of

records are there and what is the function of this, we will

understand this, then the first record

is with us, let us see what is there in the record of the record

of women.  To relate to this, if

Meghnad

forwards the Vrishabha domain to any other sub at any moment, then basically this pudding

is not useful, but if we want to use it, then

we will have to re-do Vaikuntha in the chest record,

Dynamics Neer.  What will he

do, will he dance with me according to him and that is,

whatever I do, but meeting him,

depends on him, there is nothing in

which you

can write whatever you want to write about yourself inside it, he does it inside this.

And whatever different information is required,

why has it been created, one can write anything in any market

and Anas Nemus Boy Nemus of Venus entry

i.e. name understand our death sentence, if

I am in the dorm and busy in doing w.com,

what is the admin information?

Basically inside about, all the information

reporting, if anyone reacts to it on info.com

which

does a specific specific service but subscribes

so that it

does the service, then there it will show the name of the same 2 minutes which is

of whatever movement.  If you put the name in it, it will

show the name of roaming, so these are

some basic records that Dennis

saves, where does he save his

life in the file, okay so Amit, what is Jeevan Phal, what

is 150 ML, let us understand a little more about

that text.  File Updates: This is a text file

that stores records of humanism. It is used for

IPL mapping and is

linked to the name server. Let us understand this well.

What is a room file, basically it is

1.5,

it is a text file inside which this

record is stored.  MS records and

all the other records are stored. This

file is the means of linking between the two

i.e. the domain and a pipe is

written between them, i.e. the

designer who is without missions.  But

consume all this information and inside the file,

let me tell you about its features. This is a file, it is

updated in 24 hours,

as we get to know about it, subscribe to its team, time

to lip, we will understand it well.

Type in the roots, till inside this, this  If we go to

Celebration and Extend, then there

we show its details which are wife and

today, then this is the four forces, it

means that June 5 will be updated every four hours,

that is, if we make any change in the amendment, then

transfer it.  If you have gone from one place to

another or have made any major change, then that

change star will be updated after hours, then

our respect on this zone keeps all this information

and joint family is very important. Another

special thing is that gender is 310 like

adv1.

wn.com

An adult Utrecht

wn.com Surya which is a name server, the

feeling that comes from such a name server and when we

understand how John transfer is done in our kitchen and how June transfer works,

then it will play a very important role for all of us.

There, this was the Friends Attack

topic where I and Mehndi

understood about it. I am

coming with you guys with tomorrow evening's Who's Who video.

Till then, if you have not subscribed, then

subscribe now. Thank you.  do it or

do it








Hello Hello Suresh Kumar has

brought a video about Progeria Shop, I have brought a request,

just this points network is important, if you

want to understand about it, then let's

start today, we have total five

whistles here, subscribe, if you have

not subscribed then now go to Skin website.

Appointed Post Older Post Home

A well-planned This point is Amazon to

sequence the person on this line, so as soon as it has

come out

that Google Balveer objects hunted America, either it will be generated or it will be

generated within which

you can see its society and the thing here which

is  Will happen that I can come this subscribe

request is called subscribes to

ask this you can subscribe

then this is appointed

cashing request will request

can see are changer will understand them if you

want then first of all get here and its

and  After that, the weight of the acid is visible and to share it here,

you can

see the weight of the acid from England to the test table.

And here are the contents that came out of this post.  It means

adult,

here it means first of all, the one who is subscribed

here, double a

cute tak dot com,

as soon as

permission is asked to access the scan and a request is made, then the

name of the post which was not to be said in that request is written inside it.  Came WH

twitter.com After that the handle below that final

Accepted which tells that

request broom It can support your request It can

support It can support discussion

and support After that it

told that his father  Which can support

which is here and here so this ghran

ghran ghran ghrun due to get a which is the

system you are running, which is the

window disgusting system will also tell the number

off will tell the browser will also tell as well as the

weight of the children  Ghrn Ghrn Ghrin Ghrun

Here you can see all the people here so you

can subscribe to us, let's

try this point to understand, provide

entry to porn website and don't

give such a packet permission

to reply.  Permission cannot be given

and whatever comes in the body is less program off the

record subscribe, where did you go, you

cannot reply, if he speaks then

subscribe to this channel, the program

is within the program and the reply he is sending is  Sir, if

we use please reply, then I

will definitely give it here. If you ca

n't subscribe, then

someone or the other will come here. If it is here, then there

can be a request to subscribe, meaning by

subscribing that

in this  What is data transfer through

this Remedy transfer is taking place, wherever one

searches, the data is being

transferred there. If you

submit your password here, as soon as you submit,

if you are able to see this,

After that, transfer subscribe to

works exactly the same but it is

only for transfer,

no one else goes to subscribe to adulteration except him, till then

someone is

intercepting the post request, now the

school is not intervening.  Can or a

pregnancy playlist of

goals process with the product contest

pun job in contemplative that

turn on the old from the product contest subscribe subscribe subscribe

comes to subscribe the

stigma collection of what works this  Time

Minutes Ordered To Destroy Identified By

Giving i.e. two systems are connected to each other

which I am not able to understand the line

but if you have not subscribed then

please subscribe

Very nice video thank you

[praise]

[music  ]

do it

[music]

do it









In this video of Hello Hello Past Tense,

we will see how through Badshah we

can capture the data packages being transferred in our network and I can do

some modifications,

how can we find out the packets and find out which packet

is kept there.  Whatever packet is being

transferred in my network, whether it is going through Bigg Boss or coming through, if

we

can do the main dish by capturing both the sides, then let us go

to the website, basically print the box office collection

and  You will get it, if you don't get it, then

I will tell you all the things on the left front part, how to

install comes to

start WhatsApp, two

methods are written in the balance bar, here I will

press wireshark pause bench, it will

start, second one we  Those who use it mainly,

I give them root permission here as our terminal

and here I have to write

WhatsApp, WhatsApp will write interactive voice after it will

start and what you are seeing here,

all the devices SK Nema Rahlu

New.  Back so 10 Bluetooth this device,

inside this you will be seeing the chart ahead, here is the

chart that data is being transferred here,

where is it, where is it, whatever

communication we have, whatever is being transferred

is being recorded here.  So you make a

recording and send a tweet here as a subscriber

that on this side itself, I will submit my admin

user name basically and password dominant

123. I will not

read it, I know that the packet is

captured through WhatsApp.  Now

my task is to find this paste and

see what information I have been able to capture about what chapters are there in it. So now I have captured this

top player and basically the pack.

Here you can

see a lot of pastes.  DCP's friend,

whatever request I am

taking from the response from any server, everything is

coming here. To search,

basically two options are used here, use U to front

so that whatever pack it is, the hospital can

show it to us.  That is a very good option,

in the footer, we will see the treatment in the net session,

we will stitch here and there we will

write the cash system which is being

used somewhere in that packet, chances are

that egg is being used, you write it.

Behind the short form of the glass password

and great, so here we can see the

packet which is bloody

Jhalawar minute-minute 123, both of them are

visible here in the clear text comment, so

here we will be able to see that WhatsApp

is basically reading the packet and from the packet  Related

Information

And there is a broom password in the post mortem. If

that

password is known to be able to visit and see, so many friends in your session,

we have seen through Varsha that

how we can capture the effect and read it,

its details can be seen in the

next video tomorrow evening in your

In which we will

see more things related to ethical hacking, we will see the

introduction and basic part of ethical hacking,

today we were networking, if

you have not subscribed yet then

please subscribe so that the upcoming new

videos get pinned to you quickly.  Rahte thank

you a

[music]

hua hai [

music]

hua hai









Hello Hello friends, how are you all, welcome

to the best tag, Ashish Kumar,

today I have brought a video for you all about

planets, so here we are going to learn ethics,

today we are going to learn total four things,

what is adaptive system, switch off.

System on Linux Basic Planets and

Basic Planets Command Charges State

Cooperative System As soon as you

can understand some points well then this point system

which is made by soft system so

that the user should not

forget to subscribe and can subscribe

Today the source code is freely available next is the

best online most of this saree with proper

started by whom that number 90 was

created and nor let me tell you that

it is used by more than one company for one of the big companies the

system is definitely

very good  Subscribe can be in multi system,

type 1, can

subscribe in any

device, in ATM machine, in biometrics,

schools use it everywhere because

it is very tow travel, it is

able to work friendly with all of these, security because of

planets.  The structure of making it is

so good, it is being made by the community,

it is dependent on the profile system, that is why

it is very secure, everything is in the lab,

then alum goes towards it and

everything cannot be united like this, many such

points.  This decision made Bigg Boss Equal Net

Style Live CD USB what kind of future

balance is this which I like very much, what is the basic thing in it,

Linux will be installed in any CD or

pen drive and which

will run like live operation i.e.

in any computer.

To run Planets, there is no need to install this operating system software in that computer,

I have to plug in my Android,

boot it manually, turn it on and then I

can run my system without any further install operation in the system.

That is, I can do all the work in Edge computer,

through it, if you

install it in your computer without planets, then you will see some

very good features as per your demand.

This is my favorite,

graphical user interface is for Linux

system, so most of the terminals are sold, but

Ubuntu is its  Due to creation of a lot of roles, there are

lines which are distributed by Dainik

Jagran, because of them, Linux

graphical user interface also provides very good

application support,

Planets application support is very good,

file system, as I have seen, everything in the balance is such that the

file is hit.  So its file

system is also quite correct and open source which I have

told is possible. Next

we will see the basic file system and the

planets landscape oil system i.e. the directives

of the planets which are attractive on that issue,

what is their function and

which of them  Files to Roti Let us understand

how it is the main use flower Post

Directly Rush Different When it is indirect In

this what listeners Basic programs like

planets We run everything from Tamil

Most of the things and those who use vitamins more in our own collection are

different -  Please leave a separate comment.

First of all, TRP W of CD. All the

commands we use. The

programming of these commands is amazing. The program is

basically located here in a different folder in the

directory. Next,

what is read in the label acid? System

programs i.e. those  For program system,

they are called manager, disk

manager, update system. Seriously,

all the offices which are helpful for the system are located inside the

fluid. If you install any configuration of the system,

then its settings are as

many as.  You type as many as they are,

some time to time and

news, is there

castor oil in New Delhi,

how does the application work, as many

applications as you use, all of them are

used when indexed respectively,

what happens in the body, applications supported and  There are a

lot of things available to support the date of application, this is the one we use, if

someone wants something like this, then

share them here, subscribe, use as many as you want,

subscribe and subscribe for home delivery of gas,

home of Piml Admin.  What is made tasty is the

direct sacrifice of data that our admin

uses.

This is our file system. Basic lemon

phase, we have understood it. Next, we will understand the basic

Linux commands. Once we understand these,

then we will do it practically.  Let's

see some special respects. First of all,

help helps, like this is the

basic command in the terminal building, which

we have seen in high school and will it tell

why, what is the work, the next command is man,

what is the main command that is shown in the serial.

Further, whatever command we

write in the name of any software, its

manual tells us how to use it, what

functions can be generated with it,

how to generate it,

all its information which is basically in the manual.  It

tells us that we can do four things,

how to use it,

then it is a man commando, if I write the

name of any wonder, any fennel, any

function, then whatever information is related to it

after this.  Palace

Palace means list directory

i.e. listing whatever files are there. If

I am in a folder, for example, let's

take it graphically,

then we go to it. If you go

to the folder of downloads.  So that you will download all the files

of old young age at some point of time

and if you go to the documents, then the

doctor will make you your magic and will make

some folds, read the documents and

keep them, then all the fibers which

we shoulder will be seen in Terminal Nagar.

So we use Les Kamal which

shows us all the fast food tasters in the directory we are in.

CD changer directory i.e. 1,000. To

do this on other teams i.e.

go from the shoulder of download to the folder on the desktop.

When we move from one tree to another,

we simply submit it.

In the terminal, we have the location next to the stale bread,

but where we want to go, we reach the

location by directly asking from our current location.

Those who are mentioned in front of Sidhi are

PWD. Now let us talk about location. If we are

moving from one person to another location, then

PWD helps us to see

where we are currently working.

What is its location? Like if I am

not downloaded, if you run it for minutes, then

in Windows, if you go to the download folder, then

you can see above

what is the location of the download, i.e. 80 RAW, inside a

folder, bank, inside a folder,

download name.  If the folder is lying then you can

see it. Child bomb, use the terminal,

then you can see by writing PWD,

what is our current directory, that is, we

go to its location, it is located in Om root and at

what location inside it, then

next we  Pass or directory,

it works exactly like milk,

like in earlier times, it used to show all the fast food and

it works in the same way inside the battery,

mercy remains in CMD,

alarm will be generated in CMD which is Windows command

prompt.  This also works inside it,

that KD is directly i.e. dry ginger has to be

created in a folder, then it is

used for ma'am, we are kidney

that if we write any name then folder 320 is created on that name and

CP copy is done at the same place.

We know the meaning of copy, it is to move any file or

folder from one place to

another. At this place, it

will be bigger, at other places too, such caffeine is

called coffee, which is

used here by writing Vitamin ACP in it.  This

is Movei which means to transfer any file from one place to

another place and then remove it from here and keep it at

another place. When we have to

pick up a file from the terminal and put it at some other place,

then we take it in the display, here

we give the command to it.  The file which

is on the mouth is placed in the place next to it. Both of these

comments have to be given which will be seen in the previous section.

Rest Remove. To delete any file,

use the amount. Next,

we have sudo su i.e. dry and super

user. What is this?  It gives us root access

like it is seen in hot Windows

and Windows when we start any application

then it asks us for Yes or No

administration permission.

Exactly the same we do in the terminal

like when we give 'Shri' in the morning then it  I get

angry with us and ask for the password for the project,

like if I give the password, I give it to the

roadies, that is, now we too

can quit, some commandos which

normal Gurjars could not do, now they

can do weight, Surya will give roof rails in the show.

What can CAT do? Basically, print the file which is

Chandra's contact,

that is, if I have any file lying around

with the name Man Ashish,

create a file with the name Diminished in Fiber,

whatever contact is written for the file, textile, interesting and

more formats.  Whatever

contact I write in the files, as soon as I write the name of Cat's anger, it will

show me all the content inside that file on the terminal itself.

Nano Nano Sales is a file editor

which is planets in which we can

favorite  Can modify the data of files

but the thing here is

that to use nano we have to use these commands

more: Control

Act Control Share. All the work can be done with such commands only.

Designated

basically SMS mood in nano is same as before.

Looting happens in our Windows operating system,

similarly, there is G editor which provides the function in K,

then for editing,

Yaad Sagar option is available in the seventh front,

I do not need to see any amazing wash,

so on the day basically the

work of file editing is done.  It is used for file creation.

CMO Dr. Now if we

understand about that then let us understand some more things. So

what is basically a file? What are the

permissions it has? Let us

understand about it. This is the skin which can be seen.  So,

what does one do? He gives or takes

any type of permission to any file. If he gives or takes any kind of

permission, then

first we have to understand this. So let's see the

mileage of our file created by busy

root

Made a film with the name SC.S. Inside this file we have written

Ajay

Hello Hi Ok so this is basically the

command to print this but at the moment it

is just a text as soon as I wrote it,

saved it and closed it.  When

I shared and closed it, it had

three permissions, but by

default, after this, there were only two permissions,

read and write, near Parvati Information Kaun

Jeetega, below that, you

can read permission near Tried to Execute.  If you can

do notification, you can like,

then this permission can be there in basic, it can be

near the permission and

here we saw that it has only read and

write permission i.e. you can only read something,

change it, not do it.  If I can't

do it then it doesn't mean that if

I want to

execute it then in that case it

is necessary to have a dutable permission then here comes to my help

CHMO DO

which eighth mode is such a wonder which changes  The

mode is i.e. the one which will bread them with its permission,

it will remove it - I

don't have a dutyable permission and if I

want to do it then I will definitely

give it permission, how will I give it? Name of CHMO D+X

and Inspire: Yogita WSC

Dot  If so, as soon as you comment, share mode

plus add person, I

will check after clicking on the table. Then here we have

permission. It works to take or give permission.

Next we have dough slash juice,

I have given you a dutyable permission.  If it is given then

how can it be colored? Here I

can unify any successful person through dance class.

I can cheat any successful person through best command. What does

SPT gate update do?

This chapter will understand it well, what is it, that's

why.  If we take the example of Android, then

when I have Play Store in Android, there are

different applications in Play Store, when

we update, all the applications get

updated, but here it is a difficult update, it does

not mean that, it means that

we assume that  We have updated only our Play Store,

this

was the first version of our Play Store application. 14.1 When we updated it,

its weight became 14.2. This means

that when we updated our Play Store application, all the

start applications inside it

which are  If they are not updated in my mobile,

then this petticoat works the same as

printed. Basically,

Jyoti updates all the deposit files as per their requirement,

i.e. we have to update the Play Store

so that whatever complaint we make to the office can be done

easily.  If we download any app on New Year, if

it becomes busy then APEDA

will update all the positive phasers

so that how is the

problem in software installation, this update is

witch, apk is a tablet, this is a commandant which

asks for all the installs on Linux machine.  It is used to

update those which

updates all the apps in our Play Store,

that is basically it is ET Get Great

Next Command Dedicated Toe Lord  What

happens is that if I go to

install a tattoo with the name Jade, then I

write appearance, fake ID, someone else has to do the

apk file, start pet, in the same way, whoever I

write their name, the deposit goes to it, it

gets searched and later it gets fully installed.

Expert read about it,

see some of its low flame, basic low flame,

practice this and see how they perform,

what is their output, when I

start, I will

open my biggest terminal, switch the

terminal to Gemini, I

wait, Anju command  Let's open ours from here

so that all the comments can practice. Open

ok so man maintains. I show

any amazing like man equipped

electronic. I am not worried about you

slip the main page and here I am first

telling you its manual. Cashless.  What work does it do

with the lace, what functions

can it bring to the reduction and how will it

perform and then how will it give OK

after seeing this why are you showing below and

Twitter I will do something Ours is advance commando

she is straight OLX both  So

what does Sidhi do? Sidhi changes it. A

folder is found in that folder.

I got a CD. I went to Koderma, I typed this and

saw that I am a spotter now.

What are the benefits of what folders are there?

Then I write articles like enter.  If I

can see the date of the

document download, there are three folders lying there, now

what to do directly, it was moving from one flower to another.

If I have to

go to the download folder and see what is

read there, then what will I do? C D E

Now we can see the downloads end here

after Dimple Scooter, that is, after the Dimple scooter, the download

folder has gone, that is, now what is the directory in the dengue shoulder cameras, it

is inside the download folder. Let us see once

what all is there within 7 minutes.

Inside the folder we are able to see that there are

two folders named Ashish and Tester. There is

a file named Entrance

that now if I want to see my location at

which location I will write Tomar Peter Rude Kamal,

what does PWD print

working 10.  Will tell that I am in the middle of this factory,

what is its location which is inside the home or inside the

breast, inside the dip last, I

am in the duty named download, right now I am

showing them the next command, our

friend festival works, if I write enter

then  The files which are lying on this shoulder will

show the age in the directory, it will

make appointments, it will create a dark folder, you

can also add powder with any name, you can do

this, create a

folder with the name test, equipped it and

saw that  Has that shoulder come here or

not? Look, you can

see a folder created from the test alarm. If you want to go inside the shoulder,

then CD

test2

and more are in the directory of the follow test.

If you want to check the date, then PWD. By the way,

you can see it above.  There must be a substitute

download and test, people can see

that it is working now,

subscribe by using anything in any way and subscribe to my

channel, subscribe to the channel and

see, now if

not me, then why not someone?  Let's

copy Shravan and

put it in a folder named A A Text Two

that in the anniversary there is a B option in it, I will

go to the diary named Yadon Test

and go inside it and see whether the file is

read or not or if I only decide to do so.  What I have

to do is to ensure that the file reaches that folder.

Once I reach it, I will write the name of the bone directly after the lace.

Test 2 means absolutely

list all the 504 files that

were in this folder.

Show whatever fast food airplane mode inside the test like

I did.  Here the file named Test

is available, after that our command is whether it is Moong or not, do that

suicide from one place to another,

you will go to one place on the second day of the pilot, how

will it work MB space

jhal tattoo, make it personal and

download the CD

OK  So here, for the sake of it, we unmute the file named Test,

in the folder named Tester,

where to free the test of MB, where to do it, come to the

folder named Tester,

now in the folder named Tension, completely remove the file named Moment S.  It is done, let's

see if it has been removed from

here. The first file named Back Part S is

not being disturbed. Has it

reached the tester, but the file named

Test is inside the Test Jhal Ajay Devgan tractor.  Has

returned Next comment Is it

ours to remove Casio completely,

remove it, delete it, delete it, rest space,

now there is no test in Zikar,

so after doing test C, the customer went there and

saw that there is a file named test, now

because the fruits of Pakistan have passed tests.  If

we had put it in the beginning

then why not remove it, it is

not used, you can rest easy, OK I am test,

we will remove it through test, you

can uncheck it, that

file is not there there, here.

Torch light condition has been deleted. What is the suggestion? Does it

give an increase? As we discussed, let's

see where Remix is ​​needed.

How will it work? If I write less, I will

check my pid also. SPT Guest

President, This  What does this command do? As

I told you Pimples Dhak, it is updating the Play Store

itself, that is, the deposit

phase will update them, Tapan

updates it, but it is saying that you do

not have the permission to see it.

Permission is day, only an

administrator can do it, you can

download, install updates, so why not

give root privileges to the mission chief, go to this,

sudo s un, here

is the password, and now I see, there is a mystery here,

first.  Don't put tight body

like a normal user and here the song is in red color,

find the meaning of it. Now if I

feel amazing, enter speed get update,

then you can see here that it

is updating all the viewers who are

depositing files.  I was updating that

I should get Shopping Stock Guru installed,

close the meeting by controlling it

because it will not be adopted right now,

any process runs through a controversy,

mostly inside the Linux terminal, if I

press that controversy, then it will be closed

by controlling it.  It doesn't copy.

To copy it, press control ship C.

Remember, to present, control

ship G. That's

good. Next we have comments, that

add glass and back, what does this do and this

indicates install, this feature will make it great,

what will the update do?  If you update all these installed in any office collection

machine or any mint machine,

then

we can do this also and see that by editing the upgrade guest,

here it is asking for permission from this, it is

telling me that it is 1517 MB.

Downloading the data means it will update whatever is there, if it is

not total then

it is saying that whether you should do it or

not, if I add it then it will start the bridge. If you do

not want to favorite the button then I

will lock it. Any process will be improved.

Now you need to do so that you can subscribe to

all the subscribed

applications on your computer and install them in Tor Avoid.

As soon as you enter the subscribed Tor,

whatever repositories for whatever will be installed, it should be

updated and installed in it.

So I gave these permissions and

you will see according to which it has to be installed,

here 20% is done, it will be installed at no Pooja Shop time,

this is the actress

command, this is the dough selection base, what does it do,

it runs the file.  Before giving a gift, I will have to

check this. Ah, the

parties are united. Double permission is there and who will

tell that I C channel will understand that it has

permission. If it is not there, then because if we

give permission to the body, then it will be the one we take.

1. Let's go back to

this question.

Now we are on the diary named Tattoo, where

we had copied a file named Test. Let's

see something written inside this wire.

Cat is basically the content inside.  Don't forget to subscribe here at Ko Cat

Test a small program for the terminal

and subscribe has if can't take it

how will it be

which composition it becomes product write or

press w w x - x - permission permission permission  The

permission is that here we ca

n't have the key permission

Hello Hello Simple Name Thee

Alleged Style Told Rochelle that now

she has read-write executive permissions

so I can do the second one in the same way that the

name of the text file is there any space

see here  If you are

not getting lycopene in test centers and Abhilash window, then this is the basic

trainer from the plane which will be in our upcoming time

tomorrow evening with another video. If you have

not subscribed yet, please

subscribe. Thank you

[appreciation]

[music.  ]

[Music] Do it










Hello students! Welcome back to the WsCube Tech channel. I am 
Ashish Kumar. Today I have brought a video for you people, 

the first video of Setting up Lab, 
which is Installing Kali Linux in Virtual Box.

What are we going to learn today? Today we 
will learn to install Kali Linux. Kali Linux can be

 installed in two ways. First, to install it 
directly on our computer. Second is

 to install it in a virtual box. What is Virtual Box? 
Virtual Box creates such 

storage as some software. Just like we 
work in the cloud, it also works in the same way.

 It creates a local storage system where
 everything runs virtually. In this, we can

 run many operating systems
 inside any one operating system, i.e., if I 

downloaded Virtual Box software in 
Windows operating system, then I can 

install many more operating systems in the Virtual 
Box software. So today, we will install 

Kali Linux in this way. There are also two ways to install Virtual 
Box in Kali Linux. We will see both ways. Let's get started. 

First of all, we will go to the browser. Here today 
we are going to download three things.

First is virtual box software, i.e.,
 VMware workstation. Second is 

ISO file of Kali Linux. Third is Kali Linux 
virtual box which is already made which 

 will find it on's official site.
We will download all these three things. First of all,

 we download the VMware workstation. So 
we'll write "VMware workstation" on Google

 and press Enter. Here its official site is 
coming at number one. We will go there.

 Going here, we scroll down and 
we will see the option to download.

Here we can see 'Try Workstation 16 Pro', 
this is the professional version.

We will download it and then activate it through the serial key.

Here we will click on 'Download for Windows.
 If you are working on Linux 

then you will click on 'Download for Linux .'We are downloading 
Virtual Box in Windows operating system. We will click on 

'Download Now. Here the download 
has started. I am closing it here

 because I have already downloaded this file. Next file 
which we have to download, we download it now.

Now we have to download the ISO file of Kali Linux. For that 
we will go to the file of Kali Linux and download it.

You see here that there are different versions or 
operating systems of Kali Linux, which will do different things, 

we are seeing them here. One is an installer, one is 
live, and the net installer. We need the

 installer file because this file is
 necessary for us. If you want, you can

 download it from torrent, or if you want, you
 can click here and download it on the browser.

First of all, we have to download this file. 
We download it. 

Here the download has started. I am canceling 
this is also because it is already downloaded.

 The next file that we have to download is the virtual machine
 the file of Kali Linux, which we are getting on its official site.

We will go to Offensive Security Virtual Machine.

We have reached here through the URL where we are 
able to see that we can download the virtual machine of

Kali Linux from here. It has two files; one is 64-bit 
and another one is 32-bit. If your operating system is

 32-bit, then you can download a 32-bit file. If your operating 
system is 64-bit, then you can download a 64-bit file.

Mine is 64-bit, so I click on 64-bit. My download 
will start here. Here the download has started. 

This is a 2.4 Gb download file.

I am canceling this also because it is already 
downloaded. After downloading these three files,

 our process will start, inside which we 
will install Kali Linux inside Virtual Box.

There are two ways to install Kali Linux. First, I follow
the complete manual process to install Kali Linux in Virtual Box.

Second, the virtual machine that I 
installed from the official site of Kali Linux,

 I will import this virtual machine there. 
These are two options. Let's see it.

You will double-click on the virtual machine
 that you downloaded. The installation process

 is very easy. You have to keep clicking on 
Next, it will be installed. Let's see once. 

Here is the VMware workstation store.
 We are starting the installation process. 

After that, I will close it because
 it is already downloaded. 

Here we will click on Next.
 Since I already have, it installed,

 it is asking me if you 
want to repair it or something.

I am canceling it now. 
You have to keep clicking on Next.

Then you have to finish it. As soon as you finish, 
the icon of Virtual Box will appear in front of you.

 As soon as you double-click it, it will ask you 
for the serial key. Let me tell you about the serial key.

You have to go to the site. You have to type

 'VMware workstation 16 pro license key' on
 Google, and then you will press Enter. 

You will find his serial on the first URL.

From there, you copy any one 
serial key and apply it. Your software 

Or a virtual Box will be activated. Wherever it is asking 
for serial key in VMware workstation, enter it; your 

virtual Box will be activated.
 Your VMware workstation will look like this.

 These options are coming through this tab.
If you do not see it,

 then as soon as you click here, you 
will start seeing it. You are getting three options, 

create a new virtual machine, open a virtual machine & 
connect to a remote server. Right now, we are going to install it in 

two ways. The first way, which is 
very easy in which, we have to

 import the virtual machine file
 or the virtual Box of Kali Linux.

For that, we will click on 'Open a Virtual Machine. We will 
not create, only open. Here we will select the downloaded file.

You will have to extract this file which we
 will download. By default, it will come in a zip file.

 You can see it after extracting it. 
The .vmx file here is 

the file that I want to import.
 I will click on it and click on Open.

You can see that the Kali  Linux machine
 or virtual Box has been imported. 

We have to click on 'Power on the virtual machine.'
If you want to change some of its settings

 then you can. You have to click on 'Edit Virtual 
Machine Settings. You can see how much RAM, 

hard disk or what else it is providing. 
We give its RAM increment 

because my system has 8GB RAM. 
I can provide it with around 4 or 5 Gb of RAM.

In the processor, we will give 1  to the core processor
 and the hard disk is 80 Gb, that is enough.

A minimum of 80 GB is enough. 

We will not change the network adapter. 
Here there is an option which is tick, 

'Show all USB input devices. If you want that
 whatever Pendrive or any system you have connected 

to this computer, which is visible in Virtual Box, then 
only you can tick the 'Show all USB input devices' option.

If you do not want any device to be connected to
 your virtual machine, then you have to uncheck it.

Sound Card and Display are, by default, correct. 
You don't have to make any changes to it. 

Click on OK. Because now all the 
settings have been updated, then you

 have to click on 'Power on the virtual machine .'As 
soon as you click on Power On, the virtual machine will 

start directly. You don't need to install it.

One more thing to keep in mind, 
as soon as you start it,

 it had the Id-password in
the description below, which was Kali.

 Now, as soon as it asks us for 
Id-Password, we will enter Kali only.

The Kali virtual machine that we have downloaded from the official 
site of Kali has its default ID password is Kali. We are logging this.

Here the Kali machine has been
 installed. We can easily see.

 We didn't have to work hard. 
We can also change its ID-password 

which we will see later. If you want to
 manually install Kali Linux in Virtual Box, 

then we will follow its process now. I power it off.

We will click on 'Create a Virtual Machine. 

As soon as we click on this option, it is open in front of us 
which shows us that you select the Recommend option only.

We will select the option which 
is being recommended to us.

 Here we will select this file.
 We will tick on 'Install Disk Image File.'

Then we will go to the browser and select that 

ISO file by going to the location of the Kali Linux file we 
just downloaded. Which has a store here in downloads. 

This is Kali Linux's installer; we just 
downloaded ISO file, we will select it.

Now we will click on Next. Now it is
 asking us which operating system

 we are making this virtual Box; what is its version?

We will go to Linux. Because you will 
not find Kali Linux written here, 

then in other Linux, if your system is 64 bit then 64 bit 
will be selected. Otherwise, we'll select a normal Kernel.

I am selecting 'Other Linux 5.x and Kernel 64-bit' 
here. If '5.x' is not written, '3.x' is being written 

even then, you can select the 64-bit version; there will be no issue. Click on Next.

Here it is asking us what to name the virtual Box

 we are creating. We name it 'WsCube.'
Here it is asking the location, at which location 

we want to install this virtual Box. Suppose, you 
have given 80 or 100 GB of storage to this virtual Box.

then you will have to keep it in such a disk where 
100 when it is free. And there, even if 100Gb is filled,

 it should not make any difference to your system.
If you keep it in C drive, then 

your C drive will fill up quickly, and your 
windows system will hang. So, in that case 

you can install it in any directory or place according to 
your need. You will click on browse; you will install the location

 which you think is right. I am installing
 it in the C drive. Click on Next.

Here it is asking us how much storage 
we want to give the virtual disk

 that we are creating.
 I will recommend you at least 80 Gb.

Since we are going to install a lot of tools and 
then a minimum of 80 Gb will be required. 

You can give 100 to 150 Gb easily. After giving 80 Gb,
 I will tick 'Store virtual disk in single file' here 

because I do not want to create separate files
 for this virtual machine. If any of those files

 got deleted by mistake, then it will provide me an error. 
So I will click on 'Store virtual disk in a single file here, 

that means all the files will be 
compressed and installed in one file.

It's asking me to customize the hardware, so I'll click on it. I would 
set customizations correctly, such as RAM. I have 8 GB RAM, 

I can provide it till 8GB. Right now, I am 
providing it with 4.5GB. By default, the processor is correct.

Keep the network adapter net only.
If you want that 

whatever Pendrive or any system you have connected 
to this computer, which is visible in Virtual Box, then only

 you can tick the 'Show all USB input devices' option. If you do
 not want any device to be connected to your virtual machine, 

then you have to uncheck it.
I'm not ticking it because I don't need it.

 Add a printer if you want; the display 
setting is correct. I don't want to change it.

I will finish by closing. You can see that a tab has been added here 
named Wscube which is of our black machine which we have 

just made the virtual Box. The next process is its
 installation. Right now, only Virtual Box has been created. 

Now we will install it. 
Showing us the graphical Install in the options.

It is showing installed option, advanced
 option & some more options.

We will click on Graphically Install 
so that we can install it Graphically. 

Second, if we click on Install, then we have
 to install it through the command line.

Advanced options are visible in the third option,
 after going to that option, if I am facing

 problems in the installation or if something has
 become corrupt; then, it will help us to restore it. 

There is also some other option like 
Automated Install, which will install it automatically.

There are other such options. I come back.
 I will go to install it graphically.

In the language, I will select the English
 language. Then, I will select India as the country. 

The language of the keyboard
 is American English which is correct.

Here is a reading of the installation media
 and downloading its file.









Hello Hello friends, how are you all, welcome

to subscribe, I have brought a video for you people, it is

installed so use, subscribe, like,

comment, subscribe,

subscribe, as soon as it is

appointed, the alarm should be set for the subscribe to

that Surya Mahila has started.

Our job is to

seal it, friend, this is the Google settings

due to which it works well, we will think that if there is a problem, we will do

all the configuration and the

first thing we will do is friends, if you

open Tomato, then here you will subscribe our channel

and tell us the password.  We have

got the permission in the world, you can see that this is gone, then

after that subscribe us, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe,

subscribe here, we will do

this,

my friend, not less enter,

so here I like, emphasis center, what is Dhal basically.

Open the date format profile

so that if we can make changes in it

and can read it by increasing, then we are

able to see here that after all the efforts,

this is an experimental thing, then by commenting,

if anything, subscribe here.  If you

want to do this then subscribe to it

that now our thinking food is absolutely correct, which

should be looted, when we

put it inside the scanner, then

here I remove it a little,

I am Mukesh Update is doing its work which is

positive pimple plate here.  But you can see

that all the subscribe radhe-radhe

subscribe is that war should be

appointed here subscribe to the

student like this video update command does

its job it will update the proper

side and the consumers would have stopped

This means that after commenting, if you subscribe to this

channel in a subscribe group, you will see some

place where the subscribe application gets

updated as soon as you comment, then

for that you have to write here

that  Discover Get Up,

so basically the staff will install and download most of the things for this, they will

do it from the top only, so here you are

seeing this first, you have to click on it,

then this is what you are struggling with, the

entire file of Discover.  You have to

install this basically, first of all you have to

download it and if you see the graph below,

then whatever process you have to install it,

it will show you here

how to download it, after which

how to install it, run the website.  What we have to do is

And Discover's main file is to run it,

so okay, first of all we will download it,

we will click on it,

it will melt in front of us, then we will copy it

from here and after copying, we will

go to our terminal.

Now we are here, we will go to that folder,

now here I want that whatever file we

download should be downloaded there, then

we will directly go to the download folder,

this

is this and spread it here, there is a bus lying nearby,

its pilot is almost.  About which I will

tell you, now let's download our

gift plan,

dip s clone and press draw,

as you enter, it will start it, that is,

download them here, then download them from here and then

disco disco here.  Now we will check

that here I have all the files related to what

we saw there on that page, so what

we have to do is to run it from the update tour,

then we will do Dots Plus which S8

runs it. NDA B.Sc.

That as soon as you enter, basically whatever

programs were there for file updates, whatever

files were to be downloaded, for which

they were started from the village,

liquidate it, subscribe, subscribe,

now we will add to subscribe,

you can see.  That we will do it by

subscribing and subscribe

like enter and

subscribe here so here we

install it through Ghrit etc. So this is the

shoulder in the group in which we will download it due to different methods

which is very helpful for us.

Whose name is Success Master Sohan

Jaayenge on Twitter, here you will take it as a

list

that Master will enter, you

can see all this, you are on the side of edit, this man

is going to be in the heat of Satish and here

you can see Discovering Fasting and

everything.  Relatives Subscribe Here Like Subscribe

In our channel, I will

cross this control system like this,

keep one thing in mind friends, this is the file that we are

downloading, which is the word

list, we will download this, our

document is shoulder,

so how much will I pay for it.  Back came

that and a cost a back of this person will not

do I can see here is

download tau.com and

here is chickens commando to

bodies it's own that will

introduce Anuj hair I

am so here which is Mary Celeste  It is downloading.

No, why is it not downloading? So,

all the files that you were able to see there will be downloaded here.

After that, we will use them in the fridge,

so till this download, Surya Surya VII

Discover.  Let's discuss about it directly.

Discover is basically such a thing that

information gathering makes a difference to us, which

footprint is in it, in this way its

parts help in memory. Discover is

information through every third party social thinking.

It gathers and brings it to us.  He does

DNA testing, he does everything, he does

designer look up, tries everything,

uses every UPA from Haryana and gives us all the

information after a war. He

basically works by taking Nandi ji along with him

and along with him.  If I use this cream in some other way,

then I come to pause

information, it comes in a lot,

Discover is very helpful in the sign of our information,

we have also

stalled the NDA of Discover, which cycle style

can go in this basically section, we have seen.  Every

type of Varli

is famous in the time available, probably many will be

appointed by subscribing, if we subscribe,

then this is the subscribed subscription,

I am downloading it intermittently,

the alarm is not there when I download it,

basically the file is downloaded from Nepal.  You have to

download this point, go to your terminal, give

Jhal

e Ruk mission

that Chandan, you have to go to the download folder

and whatever file we download, if it is

new, then we will test it directly and

then subscribe like subscribe.

Jhal,

I will press it here and then

friends, you

can see the result of what is useful for the folder, here we need

what we have to do, it is

disgusting to subscribe, so it is appointed to subscribe, subscribe to that

here today we will feel this.

In those sessions, at

this time, we will write download verified here,

not verified and subscribe Amazon

subscribe. Now we are appointed here by

subscribe, appointment

is um, so we will click on this red button here, we will

check them that by

clicking on the Iceland button, very start.  If it is there then there is

no tension then if you are subscribed then it is

appointed here and

here after clicking on learn there is

no response, if nothing is

happening then we also don't know about

watching the channel.  Subscribe for that

today here is the bring back superhit isko

run karenge toh hai

whose name was Lootere song usko kare hain

ko one so here you are able to see that the

weight is felt for a which if not Lootere of India then it is

good.  If he doesn't do it then we will

have to do all the weight middle age from him, so we first

subscribe, now we subscribe to see

that Awadhesh is available as alternative, so

here you will also read, when

no one is here and there is no one else subscribe in this.

To do is here

that Java

that JDK 8

OK Swami Open Logic which is the website here

that you can see here you will go useful

so we need that in the war so

here a skin has come in front of us

we need this version  You will get it

here and here you should

subscribe and here

is where we will share

after intercepting this point which is from the last half that

your problem is that you go to the terminal at this time thank

you can directly or indirectly.  If you

look inside subscribe, you can see here,

here we have this above logistics, which we

subscribe to, we will write here,

subscribe to that

and research center, basically we will

install this diet, this end here, we have already

downloaded one and a half, so like.  Comment Subscribe Subscribe

Appointment here Subscribe So the

last option here is appointed here that if

we write then enter then enter then

basically let's settle this flat and see

Subscribe Subscribe appointed

here that the gas victim was additional to him

I will paint, I will go to the office Vaishnav Verify 10,000

video.com

I became a pilot at your place, now like

any related subscribe, subscribe,

appoint, spider option, use porn,

guide, appoint, that is why I will copy the re-appointed license, in

this way,

which alarm, I will click on the activation.

Here we will copy it and

paste it here which will generate the

activation subscribe subscribe this

provide subscribe that

very soon there is a to which basically any

question which is rich disturbance very

good subscribe loot-loot and very good  You

can subscribe in this way, subscribe,

I will mix the spices here, I will

tell you how to run it

like you can see in America,

here we can subscribe,

so the same basic command is written inside it.

Whatever has happened, click on the button, then this button

is appointed comment subscribe,

now we click on it, you subscribe

only in the appointment and permission in the form of start Jagna,

then those people have subscribed to

subscribe the video

and subscribe appointed subscribe a

[Music] That's what

happened









Hello students, how are you all, welcome to Tu

Tech, Ashish Kumar, today

I have brought a video for you where today we are going to learn

how we can do complete anonymous settings on our Linux machine in our computer.  If we

change the proxy VPN and MCD then let's see

what we are going to do today. The first

thing we are going to do here is to configure it,

give it to our proxy, after that we will

confuse the VPN i.e.

change the settings of the VPNs and set them correctly.

We will change the MAC address and give it an

end, after that we will make some programs

which will help us in running all these

processes automatically. The

programming we will probably do will probably

help in understanding the program, so whatever

programs we are making.  That is, what we are

changing in the test VPN, what I am

changing will help in our automatic work. Let's

start our

video where today we are going to learn the

first thing about how we can change the proxy on the computer,

how to make toxic settings.  I

told you that you should never keep Kali, you should

keep Windows. Let me explain once again

and at the same time we

can also change it manually i.e. at the

time of installation, if you have

kept Kali by default, then host name.  If

you have not changed it, then we

can change it from here so that we

can remain anonymous, that is, when we scan any system, then the

Windows hosting there will go towards a normal user.  What will we do for that,

first of all we will give permission

and here we will write that we have

opened the file, you can see that we will

close it,

so we will enter here by writing host

and we can see here that

Windows is written here also, so  Friends, take care that there is no

Kali or any such

name in any such place which

cannot help you in staying away from people, which makes you

visible to everyone, so all the

settings here are correct, if you do not have it in your

place.  If Kali is written, then you can remove Kali and

write Windows, so OK, I will close it by doing this again and

give an end. Here we have corrected the basic course name

and consciousness, now our problem is that what

we have written about Kali.  Is the browser a

proxy or is it a proxy? Correct them.

So, students, to configure the proxy change,

we will first

go to its file.

After going to the CD/DC directory, we will

see here whether there is a proxy

change.com free name.  Whether the file is there or not,

in my case here proxy change for

dot configure your proxychange.com can

also be fixed. If your proxy

change and file named coffee is not found

then you can turn on proxy change like me

so we  Here we will write 'end' and give

it the name of the file.

So here the file has been opened. Basically,

now what we have to do is

first of all go to the first option and by

default whatever you guys have, this is the trick

change, it will be out of hashtags and

dynamic China.  You will be getting five shows like this in the comments,

so basically what you

have to do is,

first of all you have to comment on the stitch here. Okay and the

dynamic change above, which has a hashtag in front of it,

remove the one who is commenting on it.  You have to

give it basically the function of dynamic change will

follow and we will come down

here, last of all you can see that the

proxylist format is telling you

how you can add your proxies, the

first one is the protocol.

You will enter that after that the IP which is

on the port and if there is any ID and

password then you will also enter it here,

so this is the way to add the proxy, here

some process is added below, Rakhi from

basically what will you do here.  We will

add some toxins manually, for that we will go to the side

page and

here we will then go to the proxy list or

any proxy site where

I am getting the proxy list,

you will get many sites like this, so

basically I have to go here and do something.  Let's

select the box, once to test,

from here we will take some

further process of Thailand, we will change it as per our

choice and okay

end or after the last month, we will paste it,

then what do we have to do, friends?

First of all, its protocol has to be

written here, which is stdps end, then

next thing

we have to do is here,

first of all we have to write its

protocol, which is HTTP, here you

can see its protocol.  If it is STDP, then

after writing STDP, I

will give an end

here, then I have

written the IP, next to it, I have written the port, there

was no retirement of ID password at the moment, so we did

not enter the ID password, we will do it with that, we will close it and

give.  We will try to run it,

we will write proxy change girl and

URL next to it so that we can test

whether the proxy change that we have applied has reduced it or

not, then we will enter

and here  We can see that

oxygen was already set, it is coming

and like this it is switching its IPS to

an IPC second IP, it

is reducing the proxy change that we had on it, it is coming to all the IPs

where we have applied.  So

here basically someone has

set this through some proxy and will show us its output. Because of the

change, the proxy will

work according to which it will show us,

so friends, in this way we

can apply proxy manually.  It is better if we apply with the right size and after seeing the

right process.

So this was our manual process of

applying proxy. Now we

can also make SCR easily by taking it from the stores. There is a tool whose name is proxy

i.e. script basically so we can use it.  Will definitely

download because it reduces very well,

gives very good performance,

install out of 100, we will

write

tor ghost,

here you will get its URL,

copy the first option score from here and our

process is that  First of all, we will

go to the download folder, I will open a new

type,

OK, here I will give the form permission and

I will go,

it will be downloaded, I have already downloaded it,

so here you can see, above

you will be seeing a file named Torres, so you are like

By clicking on enter, your toggers

file will be downloaded. If you face any issue, if

you do not have gift installed then

you can easily execute this command by doing the install song of PPT,

so I will cancel it here

and now we  If you go, then call in the file is the

first process.

Whatever file is required, it will

complete all the processes. In the middle,

you can come to the corner, there is no issue of Python, the

error comes, let something come like it is

showing you here.  If your career is like this,

you can ignore it. So

basically what we will do is directly

run the file where we will write

Python 3 i.e. the third version of Python

and

start here and we need some help for that.

Some options are shown.  To do that,

then ten s, if we do that, iPhone

s, if we do that, then it means to

start it and after that we have

you stop, so these two options

are more required for us, so we

do that here.  Let's see, as soon as we apply the iPhone S and

enter it, it will set the

proxy change in our complete system, create

its configuration file

and give it, after it has switched our IP,

changed the IP, changed our

current type and something else.  It is showing, so let's see by

going to the IP in the watch, has my

IP changed and where has it happened?

Here we will write wash my ip.com and will enter.

Here we can see that

Germany is showing basically IP

switching which is  That is,

set the proxy properly, here our proxy will be

changed and this is the one who is

changing our proxy, I am

changing the IP which is also keeping us seeker,

now friends, we come to the next option.

What is VPN i.e.

who is better in VPN configuration and VPN approxis and

who should do it and who should not do it and

if someone does not want to do it then

why should he not do it? So we will

see all these things, then VPN is basically

friends.  There is such an IP that I will be alerted,

we will do it but it is

more vernable, there is a proxy which has less seeker, because of

VPN there is veronability,

which we call DNS by

writing DNS inside the LE, which is our current

IP information.  If it can do the show, then it is

recommended that you do not use VPN.

Inside the ITC director, we will go

inside the DX director and here we will

write LS and see

what are the benefits here, so here the DSP.

Client.com is a free file,

we have to change it, basically it

can confuse VPN, for that we will

write 'G edit try dot configure

and enter', so here this file has been opened,

here friends, you do

not have to do anything.  We have to search here for

repair and you can see here the

prepaid dumarium server which is highlighted, what

we have to do is, first of all we have to

remove the commenting on it, we have to

remove the hashtag so that there is no comment and similarly

we have to do this

here.  But it is written there that

we have to add it and we will

do the services from it, so if we are

doing the services on DSC, then whatever our marketing

is, it will change, so this was

Friends VPN's VPN, basically we do

not recommend it.  Because proxy is

more seeker, the

circuit formed due to proxy change is more seeker, it is

very difficult to track, that is

why we take proxy change into account,

we also check it, hence how it

happens where most  First I will

add extension for VPN services, for that

I will write here.

When we have any extension in Chrome and when

we add it here, we

call it add on,

then we will go to the ads,

so like we have written add on here.  But we have

come to Chrome Web Store or Firefox Web Store,

that is, in the advance of fefox, we will

go to firefoxide on because my

browser is Firefox,

after going to the extension, here we can search for

any access, so we will get free VPN.  If I

need any acceleration, I would

consider it appropriate to take it from Bator Net. Let's write down the name of Bator Net.

Okay, so here it is, we are adding the PNC Betternet.

Okay,

so here, I

will

activate it by default and connect to it.  And I will check my IP

as I have set it, now I want to

see if in reality the VPN

has WAN and British, then I will

go to one side here DNS leaves

test.com and after going here which is my

VPN is an automatic

standard test. I have run it on it. Let's

see whether it is real or not.

Along with that, we will write another one here. Let's

start the VPN test here.

Here we were asked whether any test is run.  Want to do

? Have we found anything in the standard test? Okay

students, so here we can see the DNS that we

had to write. The result that came is good, it did

not give us any specific details, so

this is the IP that we have given to the VPN at the moment.

Nothing has been found in this yet, once

we extend the test and we

go to the lead test which we did here

because you have availability in many VPNs, it will be provided, you

will get

your DNS league, so you should take care of

DNS.  From League you can reach its current location,

whatever you like, so friends, this was

our today's session where we

understood about DNS League VPNS and

changed some confusion settings so that we

can decorate unhon, now our one more

point.  There is savings in this, we will change the

MAC address because we will get three types of identity in the device,

first is its IP,

second is its IP address and third is the

browser details which are sent

while requesting the website, so today we are going to change these two things,

first we have  We will change the IPS by changing it. If

our wife is using internet then it

will be changed or if we are using hardware cable

then we will change the Wi-Fi.

First of all let's check it now

because I am so well connected. Sorry, let's check it.

How can we change the WiFi of Ethan Aate, so for this we will

first give root permission here?

Okay, so after paying the money, friends, it

is very easy to change the MAC address of an Ethernet, that is, now I also have an Ethened cable.  First of all, we will

write IF configure, we

can see the result that this is our

net which is running now, it is running through the internet because

here there is a rakhi, so here

I am natural,

so what do we have to do

which is our many liners.  If we want to

run it, we will write Max Changer

Dash Dash Help so that whatever is its manual,

whatever is its command, it gets shown, so here

we can see that whatever is its command, whatever

is its function, it is shown.  How will it

reduce with which functions, so the

important thing for us here

is this ten for show, if we have to show I

address, after that the

last three pairs of ten are the

starting to change them.

Instead of changing it from MAC address,

if the address of the device has to be

changed, then

starting with this, if

we change it, then we

will see the device of another company, to understand it better,

if we belong here, if I write this L.

I am in the list, so basically

if I write L here along with the MAC address

which is showing here,

what L will do is it will provide me the list, so

I will enter by writing ten L, so you

can see here that  To start with, there are

three pairs of A, here it is

telling about which company's which

categories are there, like Inter's, if you see,

it is this and similar companies, mostly

every company which is registered or which is

Their MAC address is verified, which is the

starting point, we can see it here,

then we can switch our computer to any company

because I am tracking the condition,

what will we do in this case, first check

our current packages.  Let's see the MAC

address,

as soon as I know who has written it, because the

name of the interface was Asia Zero, that is, the

hardware from which it

ran, its name was Vats Zero, which

I had seen in IAF confusion, so here

my  This is the current MAC address, it is slightly changed

because I had tried it by running it once. And the

permanent MAC address is this

MACRIS. Now what is the permanent MAC address

which does not change now, that is,

as soon as the system is rebooted, at that time this

Our by default MAC address is this,

then the permanent address never changes.

If I still change the match here, if it remains the

same i.e. put a request to change the ending part of it

and at the end

tell the interface and then enter, then I have

changed it.  I am changing it once,

here you can see that my new

MAC address is this, this is

just mine and my current

address is this, so our MAC

address should be changed.  But as soon as the

system reboots, the same which was permanent will

start working for us, so to solve this we

thought logically that why not, that is, as soon as the

system reboots,

our MAC address should be changed with the help of match changer.

What will happen in this case, every

time the system is rebooted, our MAC address will

be different and our atom and nuggets will

not be shown anywhere, so how can we do this, we will

probably do it through stripping, so

aaiae, let's see through all the scripting

which we can do on our Ethernet.  We

can change its characteristic, so

for that, first of all, we go to our documents

director, because we will create the

script to change the MAC address, we will

create it in the documents folder, so we go to CD, I will

start editing the documents

and give it three  This is why friends have written it

because if there is any thing, if we are adding a VPN somewhere, if

I am doing anything, then

performing it thrice,

why am I not even resetting the mobile, performing it thrice is considered

quite seeker and good.  It

goes because of

change, any of our old ones have been changed

for security preposition, I will close it, so

you can see here that mine has been

completely different, so it

means mine has changed, now our less is this.

How good would it be if the change happens as soon as the system reboots?

Our permanent like adjustment will

not show anywhere. How will this happen? Friends, we have

a cream stall tool here

through which we can do it

in contact.  Editing option i.e.

through Chrome, we will start editing by typing 10,

so the first thing I have to write is

give the contact, we will enter, then it will open here,

something like this will be visible, so basically

what you have to do is here, which is the first line,

here is the inter space.  By creating a space, you will

write @reboot i.e. as soon as the system reboots, you have to perform this option, so here we are writing here reboot,

it means whatever our system

is, as soon as it reboots, whatever I write next to it,  The

command or whatever I write will be executed,

so here we write our location

MCD, it means like

dot asset should be executed as soon as the reboot is done, so here

we will write the

name of the home user, the folder

documents

were created inside it, once

directly, what is it?  Open a new window,

we go to Documents, give

end,

then basically we have to write PWD,

PWD different working, so you

can see here, inside Home and S, go to

End Documents, then go to Home,

Documents, give end, then give the name of the file,

its current location is here.  But by entering it i.e.

this file will run as soon as the reboot is done,

we

do it with 'control', they will do 'end', 'enter' and

control 's' and close it once

and here

we check that the last command we have given.  Was

it updated or not, so here it has been

updated, we will close it back.

Control

Basically, asifind will update it

so that as soon as the system reboots, the

chrome file which is there automatically,

here we have started the crown,

reduced the system CTR, we will update

our magdotss file, it will be

executed just before the date, you people like

If you create a new magfi

then it will have read and write

permission by default, it will be like this for you, I take the

permission once so that the

show can be seen as per your wish, I

can also take the permission, this will also become practical, the

permission will be available.  So here this is our

magnet, it has only read and write

permission, so what we have to do is to provide

it with execute permission, for that

we will take it C H M O D

Plus X because we have to give permission and

if  The Mac file that you have created is

showing only read and write permission by

doing LS iPhone L, so

basically you have to give it execute permission to Mac dot SS,

which you will give like this. Now as

soon as I have LS iPhone,

it has  Execute permission has been given. Now what is

my problem? I have to

execute this question. It should be executed as soon as the reboot is done.

So okay, we will just reboot the

system. So here our system has been rebooted.

Now we go to the terminal and

see the system.  Rebooted MAC

address, whether there is a new alert or not,

for that we will first give information.

How can we change the address of the cable that we have? Now we have to see

how we can change the condition of the Wi-Fi stick that we have.  We can do it i.e.

if we are running internet through Wi-Fi then

how can we change what is being allowed from the market then aaiae we

see that also, first of all

after giving root permission then here as soon as I go to IAS  When I am

writing conflict,

I can see that basically I am

running the internet and with what thought I am

running it. So here, there is

no IP in front of pay, there is no IP in front of people,

show my IP in front of black zero.  That is, the

internet I am using is Lan

Zero, that is, instead of the name of my WiFi stick, the

name of the Wi-Fi stick I am using is Lan Zero. Here

I can check the internet I am using.

I am running it through Wi-Fi so great so

now what will I do, basically so our

device is zero, we will change it,

how will we change it, how will we do it, first of all we will turn

it down so that we

can change its settings.  If we

change the setting in any moving object

then it gets confused, it can

generate some error or the other, it can also get corrupted,

so what will we do, we will first turn it

off for which we will write

land zero down and enter

and  What is the MAC address to be kept? Basically, look, only

DTH AR was written here.

After writing ethl, we will enter an address. Earlier

it was something different, now we will enter something else, now we

give the team, then

after entering the address here, we just press enter.

After doing this we will enter and we can see

that it is saying that your MAC

address is somewhat invalid so we will do one thing

which is starting basically it should remain zero,

after that we will enter still

we will have to make some automatic changes.  Here we will enter

OK so basically, it has been

set, so this was Wi-Fi, we

can change it, so students, this was our complete

analysis video of today, I hope

you have understood everything in it, so

what did we see today, do it once.  Let's take

what we saw today, basically today we

changed some confusion settings of Kali Linux so that the

details that we are going out can

remain a little like we changed the host name and

host, after that we saw that we

changed both the IP address.  If possible, to

change the IP, we saw two things

that we can change our IP through proxy and we

can change it through VPN. When we came, we saw

that every hardware has an address,

so  First of all, we changed the cable that we have,

when we

use all the internet, we changed it and

after that we changed the Wi-Fi stick which is ours, through

which we use the net on Wi-Fi.  If

changed, this was our

class today where we made some programs

which helped us in automation,

so this was our hope for today. You must have liked it.

Tomorrow I am coming with a Kaun Hai video. Till then,

subscribe.  No

subscribe thank you [

praise]

[music]

[music]








Hello Hello friends welcome to test

Ashish Kumar today I have brought a video for you guys in

which we will install some machines

and I will configure them

so that we can test them so without any

delay let's start today's

video where we

We are going to love, we will install windows

Will do to download Window XP

suggestion, you do not

have to do anything, you have to go to Google and write

Window XP download in here

Maheshwari and the person will download it,

if your computer is teacher but your

school download, if 6260 then I will

download shift here.  I am going to do it, it will be located here by

muting the Windows

Work: We will create a

new virtual machine and here we will add it

as if we have cut it, after this we will

select this question, we will go to the blouse

which will be our windows and files,

select it, then next here

is this cleaning, we will make it flat, next.

If you ask for the product of the industry here,

we will get it here, we will

write here Windows XP for

a person, we will

copy it from here, we will get it ready, we will

not keep the password, we will

keep it here, if this cute

That Andneth were

I Tujhe The name of the volume machine is

saved in the name of Windows XP Professional, that

this is

ok one thing Ramya Central Public

can quickly select, you can select the song, the

other side will set the dowry

Israel ok great hokar suji our video

Good training will be installed on the 16GB tab which will be

its singer-toe, we will take it out, the

customer gets the hardware provided in it,

here

we provide it in gram, we give it a charge for some time,

it is also around Rs.  That's enough and if

everything else is correct then it does

not need any changes, we will add it, we will finish online,

then here you can see that the wind speed is

done, we will start the message

that here is our video, it is starting

that here.  By taking the product key and entering it,

you will brush your teeth and if you subscribe, it will be

activated. This

product key will have to be entered by Ajay, so

here we are strong and edit our password, we will

do it, that's it, here friends,

you can see that  My video machine

was Windows XP, it has started,

here the props have opened so that if you

do the testing from that window in Windows XP also, then friends, you can see that

whatever was hit was Windows XP, it has been installed,

now we just have to  Testing has to be done on this

which will be done further and further two things have to be

installed in it Metro Table 2 End Give This is

now we will start so now we will

control Maths Point Mintu in it,

to install this you have to open the side

browser here.  Dum likhenge

show me the best possible to Anant,

rapist Tarun Jheerwal will go here, you will get the

rooting, so click on two places here,

then you wise,

after printing Jio digital, now it will start, then we will

download it from social net basically.  So from

here, the download has started

that 125 America, let it download,

I have the download done, so I turn off the truth.

Here, this is our file

basically and now we just have to import it on the children's machine

here.  I create, there will be

no need to force a kiss because

voltage is a virtual machine, we will click

here, not open, only end in children,

here we will also select MS Word

that you can see here, the name of pea table two

has come, it is here.  But it has been imported, let's

set some configuration in it.

Ok Khusro, its RAM is fine, its processor

is also fine,

now half of the justice for deposit is stage A, there is a

lot of money, Vishnu, the installers

will test here, just due to shortage, I

take an oath to be tempered.  Glass is such a machine,

now the city is already 100 magically

activated, a lot of testing can be done in it.

For that,

power juicer machine has to be started in Assam. Okay, so here,

whoever has login ID and password, both

are admitted. You write that in Amritsar.

Redmi Enter Enter Ramesar I am admin,

so here we are, now

like what do we have to do, the

friends who have made deposit machine positive will

not need to do much conservation, we

can just look at Skype here once,

enter this is contact.

Profile of Anil Kumar is here. If you

look at it from this point then the message MRP

is showing that whatever you want is typing,

here you can mix typing 12168 and

one 134. Now we are

basically alerted on our  If you open the settings of any virtual machine,

it will open, then

OK Tomato double started, here it was

true that it is very easy to do Metro 220,

we just have to import this

virtual machine, so here I start it on the button.

Gaya, this yagya testing has to be done as it has to be

used, we will see that

it is a proper headlines operating system, so we

will join it from all the lines, Suraj,

as we had downloaded Matar Pulao Table 2 and

also installed it,

now we have BW in our work.

Making a conference call is a good news for us that if the

matters but it comes dipped in it

then it tests whether it works or

not. Soumya will log in on this

pad media key

in password admin

I do it here on our net.  The speed has

started,

now we have to see its ID here,

this suggestion is to show the vein cut, push it to 121, OK,

so all the subscriptions of Tomato are

done automatically, all we have to do is to

start our washing machine

and there.  But it has to be seen from the IPL

whether it is in reality or not, so

first of all go to the browser in the machine 121 60 13483 but here you can see this 19168

which is famous among the people, so

it is with the help of both the systems.  If we can then

here we subscribe the system here

here we get you user name

110 password which is the password

words2you will do this and we can see that

we have done delivery login sub city was today's

migration in which I have three reasons.  To

configure, the install committee is muted,

so Aishwarya ji was her discipline

where we learned how can I

install window xp on DBW 2022,

this is just the famous days and it is

going to be tested in the list and

Mayawati's  But this is going to clear it up,

so friends, that's all for today, thank you so much, let's

meet later with this video. Till then, if you have

n't subscribed to us,

then do it now by saying thank you

[music].








Hello Hello friends, welcome to your

script, Ashish Kumar, today I have brought a video for you guys,

what is it,

printing and differences, we are going to learn it, let's

see, today we are going to learn total three things, what is

footprint in crisis,

types of printing and user friendly.  Let's

do systems with our first topic,

after that,

understand it well that it is written here that personal

details, company system information, gathering information about information information, the

thing which is very important,

send it to the target, whatever system, whatever device is in front.

Whatever I know about it,

what is its technology,

we will know everything, who are the people

associated with it, information gathering is the most important part in the ethical hacking page, it is

also the first topic and the most important, so it is

absolutely necessary.  If you don't do it, then he will understand it better, wouldn't it?

If I have to type into any system,

if I have to do any attack on you, then with your

permission, Robert,

I should know everything about you,

what is your name, as much as you.  If I

can take it in detail then you know who all are

connected to each other. It is

very useful to get this information. Ethical hacking film is

now bread hai setting. What do they do? The

first thing they do is on the

day of information about you.  And we will

see how we

can preserve our information, so

what they do with our information, who is

connected to us, they

can do phishing and also, it does not change, we

can try.  So basically

Prince Information Gadhi

Jyoti is important in which we

take the information of any person, any

dorm, any choice, any company,

then it is written that we

find the personal details of any person,

find the details of the ad company through any means.

Company City, whatever details we

can extract, Economical details, anything, System

Information 1, What information is inside the system,

Which offices are running in the system,

Which old software changes,

Feedback system to the system, All this information

is there in this system information Maggi.  Bank gather all information about target

i.e.

legs information gather in which

one more thing is introduced, this is

not the information of those who belong to it,

they will know about it,

legs block us, they will also know about my friend

on my mail id.  If we go

about those whose mails are received regularly,

then this

information is very important for Olive, on technology Agni, testing on 1 minute,

technology has been used in Dubai,

it is information gathering, it is very important for us, because

all the 28 of us are the same.  If

you do it on Bigg Boss,

then the next thing is that

how many types of information gathering are there, types of

records in footprints, tears in eyes,

how many types of prince are there. Subscribe to these tips, like

and whatever is in front of us,

for whom

Someone is trying to mix us in some way.

Now after that, if someone in the conversation

tries to know about porn,

then we call it

likes and money.

What happens in the day of information gathering information?

Information agreement with someone.  We install the machine without

any interaction, that is, we do

not extract inches from that crop, we

take information through third parties, that is, by

going to MP3 social site, we are looking about it,

on the same other side, we are looking about it,

there is its mail.

Try to extract post information through different

thinking in using it but when we do someone's

information gallery in which the

target is not illegal because on the

day of information the shopper

is taking information from him, we call it

money flash of information gallery.  The

light which I have is the use

and printing and which containing printing

record has used it like it is

seen in style let's try to pause it

information information information information

moving towards meaning study otherwise it is too much

time subscribe to subscribe this  So,

if she doesn't get subscription from any of these platforms

this year, will she

get it? If she does

n't get it at all, then this will save my time.

When I use technology from information gathering, I

get all the interesting information.  It

gives me amazing time, I am not getting it done on time,

we have easy processing, easy

processing and how was this exam clear time

setting, she is passing in the wedding function,

so I know that I have to do this work

and when this  There is all the information and

among the death information, I should do a lot of attacks. I am doing

all the technique striker 100%,

so this is my easy processing, for

which I have set the time, this is your easy

processing, you do this, which is very preventable with me.

Next we have

activate hata that this is the part, exact

leaf, many things which have been found, it is the

same which is showing that when I have gathered all the

information, now whatever

technique I test, the regulator will give full

i.e. Aamir knows if  This is a WordPress

website, so even if I do a pace attack on the WordPress keyword list, I

try to figure out the gas's difference. After WP Admin,

after a few hours, the accurate

result will come. So the activity is

that we get it through information gathering.

So students, it was your guidance.  And

Printing and Norms hope you

understand that we will see you tomorrow with a new video in which we will

see it practically what information we

can remove from something and

understand the delivery about it unless you

subscribe.  So do it now

thank you

[music]

do it or






Hey every student, how are you all? I am

Ashish Kumar, today I have brought a video for you all.

Today we will see how to do good painting,

how to do painting and what it is.

We have understood that, now we will see if we

can make footprints, so what will we do today?  -What are the

students learning today? Today we are going to look like Total

Footprinting, second need is Painting for Sachin

and continue in advance

from Google and the topic of social networking site

which we can get information through Sachin Sachin,

in which first subscribe,

it is quite  Good school

that if we want something like this which we

cannot find in normal browser then we

go to not doing and search, it

can be accessed through top order, it is covered by someone else, the

situation is that Aamir could not do the question,

after that we have  There are two more Sachin which is

hands free mode on, this is a

very good thing for the students and on top of this, if you

will, you can see the

weight of hatred increases from a lot of people here that if they

use technology, then give us here.  It is

very difficult to

take information gathering to the next stage. We have

aviation or you must have

heard about it yourself, it is said

that we have it and here we

subscribe.

Don't forget to subscribe the channel.  Subscribe, like and

start everywhere, if you forgot that thing, then you can see the information information if I

search that thing and go to the next,

then you should keep in

mind that it is very helpful

information gathering, this means that

if you have not subscribed to our output.

What should I do, I am busy here, there

people will

not come to the office, similarly this

issue comes to our output, to stir it properly,

create advanced features in which if

we search something inside it,

then this is what we get.  What we have to do is, we get the

weight of that side and basically whatever is on

any side, we can

get it from the website or we want

dot com

and we know that the size can be this, the

result can be dot.  The result can be PDF,

if we know then what will

we do, whatever we do in that person's life, so to make it

easy, we

can basically do it, so I have here and

here, we are at some place or the other.  If you are

getting

help then there is help and operator, I

will tell you about Indore, basically how it does not reach,

its work is such that today if we

write after any woman toe index, then the

Intact office can join any directory related to the land.

Has directives is age,

it means if I write index of liquor w

stuart, if I

write any other dorm, then whichever

person of his, in the morning, not the file, the file is run,

like as soon as I go to the login page, then miss

you will open on login.  But if I am going to

use religion index then that is

basically

read in Afridi shoulder, if it will show me that shoulder then this

data will see the entry

of many files in the body which I can report if it is in the program,

then in that case

In using minutes, we saw about the left side, what is

this, the

induction of latest items is more in front than what the game finds, the

star is basically useful, it means

that any album can come here whenever

we are at any place.  But this stock in minutes

means that anyone can strike at the place.

After inspection, we have seen that the

nation operator is what

helps us, what we do not

need above. Next, we have footprinting

through social networking sites, what are social

networking sites?  It happens that you and I are

different from you and perhaps we don't know about it,

then Vikram will join social networking sites better. Stay

connected at places including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn,

Professional Work, LinkedIn, Twitter, go to these places

and visit these places for general entertainment on our Delhi.

Then we go to his

Gram and other social networking sites, so

here all the networking

sites, social networking sites, this is the

grandfather of information gathering,

because we are so active in it,

we have so much information product

that any  It is very easy to delete

that in the profile so that you

can know everything about us. For example, when you

go for a trip, you immediately turn

on the live story on your phone or update your status

that the location is from this location.

But I have come, it's your time, we just get to know

that you have gone to this place at this time,

apart from that, I wish you on your birthday, I have given my

life to you, it

is your birthday, keep it hidden, let us accept

whatever private use you have.  If you

start wishing people then you don't know that they do

n't like you so much, you

can do a lot of things for them through social networking sites. If

possible, you should give minimum

information to the students as we

saw that you can subscribe me on social networking sites.  If we

open the browser then first of all we will write about

school

quick, how much more we can see one thing

and this is information about the personality.

So first of all we will

write here.  But you can see here, you

can see the contact information here,

its location location, it remains something else, the

affluent people can connect with them here,

their subscribe our YouTube channel,

subscribe about the application, you

can see that

Gangtok's  You can give how it is working

Facebook profile

This information will be there on Facebook profile which is

presented through social networking sites, you can see here

and subscribe and information, we are also there,

so here I am also getting tissue paper Instagram

page.  That there is Ramesh Organization

which is telling something about dealing with

A woman from A. It is registered but it is

also used in Rachna Ko. It was used in the blast. You

can see the poster on Indian Naukri.com here that young people can subscribe.  You

can see the subscribe button here,

register is appointed here,

go to quintal and see the intel, you can see

that it will be found in the information, here there

are so many aspects related to it that we

cannot make a good commission about it,

anyone should study here.  Information about them

Subscribe Village Subscribe Here

Effort is

invented in 1672 Mill w.com Osho is happening

which is summer training Jodhpur also the person is

registered or

see in Mauritius What else can you see

that Instagram page is about this page

summer training  I have

done it is related to lemon,

I can see the sun here, if we

search about any search, like, then

Next Next Vijay, different, subscribe, very

good information, 2 Sachin and those who

perform very well, house,

Ajay

had the sentences.  Om

my dear friends, there are changes, is it love, does

Sachin also say,

where has he been appointed, so let's subscribe to the register here, the

information

is available here, as we

wrote Microsoft, then any request and

response related to this.  Open pores are always happening,

what will we do here, friends, now

subscribe soon, this is what you are watching,

subscribe this channel, subscribe as many as you like here, it is

very good,

so this was friends, where we will be

in any platform.  Any Dumini, it

can extract some more Bachchan function in any way,

you

can obscenely related to its dominated like I will be, it

performs very well,

gives in very short information, so let's see, first of all

we will give the truth.  And here let's

see by presenting our own etc.

Now

hello friends, there is already some summary

information here, but you will get it if you

do all your cutting, you will

get the frill information here, if you get it then you will

get it in any IPO.  When you

enter the information, they will be sold, then in the summary

you are not able to see its use. In that case

too, we will go to the top in 2 minutes and

some of the symptoms are not possible. It

was asking for registration among the players.

Now I will show you some new ways.  To

register from, I will also tell you that

here basically it is asking for choice details, you

can do anything here, it

happened

that here it is asking for an email from us, so

we basically in time, this is

one of the deserted ones that they can drop improve add.  If it

does, then this is a very good thing, we will

copy the message here and

go to the email and press 'In', we will keep the user name

here

and the password, we will also keep it here,

lastly we will remove it from this policy.  If you

go to ki dot com here, then I

agree to the terms

and conditions of the company. You can write anything in the

contact number box. You can enter any contact

number

and here I select India.

Jhal

Jhal Loot

OK.  So by clicking here we will continue OK

all as we have added here

to confirm that we will

confirm the registration, after that we will log in. We

can do this by sending mail email confirmation tomorrow morning.

Okay, so

here Gmail is confirmed. We

pick up my email address for temples once again

that we will enter this was the deposited password,

now

that all of you are as if we are logged in to the Parliament,

now we will get the information from our party.

Huh, its ok, it will be very good information,

when it happens at different places that do

such testing or any

scratch will be addressed that first of all, anything

related to poet Kulwant son,

whatever spectrum of the report will be covered

to a great extent.  If this is done more than different thinking,

then here we will give our I pill, then

basically it will copy our apk file,

now

that we are like the mountain was broken in which there was

no fixed time, the same is happening here too.

Shambhu will go into this, we will

go into this and see that I you check this

will be the information so you can see this

here back to us but this mixture has

started this appointment which is our provide information

provider which is this so this this subscribe so

this subscribe  She is

subscribing to the channel. You are watching this from the side. This is the

topic in which we have tried to submit some information through channels.

Now we are

Google advanced search operators

who are accepted for woodworking and to

subordinate its settings to the mission.  We will try

and see how many more we

can. It's a good question. Let's start. For that

we will go. I will go to the black machine. It

happened to

Ajay.

Okay, so friends. Here, if we have to

take information about a person, what will we do? We will

write W.  HQ

one text first of all we will write normally

and enter this is informational in normal page

okay great dan we have some use with this

and if I write

an adult twitter.com

that here W scripts but wherever

induction is above or  Its directory

will show wherever you are and

see that the portfolio is busy. Here you can see

that we are

able to access the designated activities. Basically, please

like the page, if you like it,

subscribe the channel.  That if I

do any here and here you can see

here and here here subscribe and

you can see

that by going inside end in his shoulders I

can purchase even more practice

this is basically through this lineage  I

can give a lot of information and these are

our search operations, through which we

get match information, alarm, I did

not say anything here, I used Advanced Chopra

which is the index for this conference, similarly

we can use different thinking operators together.  If we

can gather good information,

then friends, now we will see that

through this social networking site, we

can get such good information further, so let's

see, while Deccan can see the function,

see this updated

on this Supreme where Chief Administrative

Professor has been appointed.  We will go and see

that we can get the information, you

open Facebook, open it here,

then we go to this

next, here we have

Instagram and more daily ghee, so here we will

profile Mishra profile, so

now we go to his profile.  We will

see that now what

information can we see by seeing, then friends I

am Gupta, we can get it from Facebook,

here we are getting WhatsApp WhatsApp number

and here we can see its

subscribe, use it here, you are seeing this.  There is a place where

if you want to do so then you can

appoint here and this is

done so that we can overcome the shortcomings of the company. You

can use the example here, you will have to

think and find out the shortcomings in it, this will have to be done

only by reporting, we will

guide them.  You have to do that you do

n't have to do this thing, you have to take it in this way

or you have to improve it if this information is available

on Google like we

saw, it got linked in which we

could see side 21, we can also get some more through diet.  We will

see in advance in the feature below what all I can do tomorrow, so

now as we will first think in the same way,

we will see which of these information that the one who has

no sleep is bat bat bat bow on the internet.

If we

can save those who can cause harm, then it is our sole motive

to see about these things, if

any of these are available in our school or

on the internet, then

look for them on Twitter as well.  You can also see

a lot of information available on Twitter, here

you can see that you can log in as you like,

you can see that this printer has

more functions here, Maurya, you can see more functions by

going here, there is gift ubislet job

information for people who  Like it, comment,

we can see the information related to those activities related to it here, so

let us report something very good here, I will get it

corrected,

it is necessary here, if you

like this video, then you all.  With another video

where I will give you some more information gathering complaint

through suit printing technology.

Till then, if you have

not subscribed yet then friends, do

subscribe quickly because we

are going to learn very good things in the future, so

see you.  Thank you

[appreciation]

and

[music] with a new video tomorrow








Hello Hello friends, how are you all welcome

to organize tag, I Ashish Kumar, today I have

brought a video for you where

we will learn apps related to footprinting,

we will see how I

can do footprinting in the website, now we will see

that the fielding of the website.  What

steps will we follow to do this and the first step which is ours, we will

see the technology of the website,

what we did and the net of applied and see it in use,

after that we will see

not the maximum of two but in how many words in which

we will list all the options Dormant Powder.

After that, we have the

number of sharing in the finding darling sequence, for

which we do not send use on links tractor and now that

I will fight the battery,

after that we can put a request, these are

response headers, if we check their security,

then we will check.  We will do security for

adults, after that we will see who

is behind this land and is trapped in it, now just

what does it mean, after that we will

cut the certificate of the sale,

history, the land has such a certificate, it is

verified and has the power to grow.  No,

after that we will take some more questions from him through weight machine.

Now next last

we will check the SP record. So

this is the front of commercial in which

information gathering which sees a lot of things

is also going to be in a very important pass which is

come in this  Let's start the video. If you

understand well, then friends, let's start. Let's

open mom's machine. First of all, the

technology of the website is being

used. The website was made in this technology,

in which whether PSP and Present, then

which one is being used.  There is a class

in the program, we will see all this set of programming and

some of its information, for that we will

get the use of two actresses which are vaporizer

and craft next phase platform which gives

a lot of information related to any but the

problem is

here this pack which  The matter is that its light has

become a tree, now I

want information from some site instead of a laptop, for now

we will have to buy its registration and license, but instead of doing that,

we

will download its action which is still free, so what can

we do for that?  We will go here, we will

see, we

donate next to a message and

flat Google Chrome extension, then

here we will go to the medical store, I don't

exist and have

and here we will search the advance or their

name first.  We need to do

next,

I will give you a notification, we have received a notification, we will

install it, we will add to post

that the independent can see here the laptop

caption is written dip, we

need correction, currently its name is Vaporizer,

above we will write WTA Advisor DR and

here  But you can see that there was a players auction, when

it comes here, then we will click on it and

schedule it,

if you have an advocate,

then friends, now we have

both the next vaporizer actions added here,

now let us see whether their  Body

information can be done here on the side,

how can we find out the technologies, it is very

easy, front, we have to open a domain,

we just have to go to any dorm, just

as per demand, we go

to OK songdownload.com and as soon as we

Went to the site, this size has been reduced, now

if we click on Next here, then the

report from the basic side of the net has to be prepared for us. The

laptop is saying here that

whatever report has been prepared, it will be given from this side so that the

eyes can see it.  We will

click on the side report, as soon as we

click on the site report, we will

divide it on the direct unit of this site which earlier used to

work in the format of app or stomach weight but

I feel the information provider is coming so

I can see here.  Now let us see

how much we have dated for this machine,

this is the most of the net off, in the meeting of 110, the

risk it gives is one, but whatever

happens, by the way, it tells us how much is in it, it

is telling that it is less.  You will be

telling the length of this site, it was a

festival, it has been shown here,

after that the name of the drain has been shown, the name of the network

owner has been shown, the name of the server has been

shown here, the network and the hosting

company, which hosting server is it?  You are using it,

it is telling posting country

and IP address of if demand

Amazon OK dear admin email ID, here it is

showing what it was,

I am telling some more information related to it

like address.

And let's see what health

related information I have to show here, here

it is simple and the system will show information about teachers certification,

we can see it here, what is

happening is school serial number.  End Share and

Subscribe

OK, its posting history, where is it

hosted from, basically Joe Singh

Sarwan, but from which open station is it run or from

its place, then basically it

is run from Linux operating system, it is

showing us the network age.

A Vision Foundation, the laptop showed us the

mission, let me show the mission to Kafi Singh, due to time, I had to like, show

a lot of information,

after that we go and see here, weapon leather

shoes, information can be 2, now

we will delete this side once, now it has 15  If you click on the

technology and the number plate and

click on the number plate then

do reply in this post and tell

what problems it has caused, then you can see

that the country is using the programming language for the

use of

torch light for chat, Falguni happened.  One more

thing is JavaScript,

provide the choreography as it is, this is how to

do that, the second one is in lemon juice,

in the unsocial office, Facebook login has come after VAT,

friends, this was our velvet and

net bad, where we did the question end

of the site.  There is a lot of information about

this side,

what kind of oil is used in that side, this information is

enough for us to

find out now how we can do this target SP,

very easy methods to do our work.

Addition testing

will provide its result, friends, so let's move ahead.

Today we are going to see our next point,

so friends, we are going to see the maximum to see

how many proofs can be found on one side. On one side, the

domain we have got, how many

subdomains it has.

Will use the product, first of all there is an online

platform, everyone will meet you submit

frontal amused to man

was conducted and here we after submit hunter, there

is desi ghee written in CMNT, we can use it,

so here we are only in

somewhere.  Busy Busy Busy

Subscribe and here here you

can see that whoever this person

subscribe to the other person which

calendars city contact me all

depend on that time, a lot of such words time has

started here and as many

words as possible  In this obscene table we get it in 2 minutes,

the more we

enjoy the testing, Vikas goes to us, we

won the gold of cutting,

we saw in words, we took the basic online, see the place of the day before yesterday,

now everything is piled up through another platform,

which we call  That's all, this is a basic

biscuit, it helps in growth, it is

used very well, you should also

see this, I will have to download it first in my first

match, for that we

will write all sister friends, so

pay attention to write easy answers.  Keep SUV list-3 or

write that if SUV ISP is made three and central,

then the meter will come here first, it will go

to Twitter, which is the process of downloading the file of the meter and including it,

Hussain will follow, what

is that here?  But I am 350 and we will go to the court,

copy this URL and

go to our terminal, here we will

give the mission to Roop, it

also starts, after giving permissions to it, we will

go to that folder, here we want the

software to be downloaded from or  Yes, you will go

straight,

otherwise let's go to the medical shop here,

here we all have to download this kind of software,

then we will write edifice

clone

that if your knees are written a little, that is,

it is telling that your package is also 90 any.  If the

ad is coming then gifting this kidney stone to you

as the guest will reduce the amazing

how will the gift pack be downloaded with the dates of your date and after that they

can run the tweet command and

present the love ones of the control ship.  If you press enter,

here you can see that the

learning sub is going to make this tomato a shield and

download it in whatever size it is. If we test it,

then I can see that

Briston's shoulder is present here. Let's

walk inside it and see.  Chief will remain and I will

tell you the shot as soon as if we

write the name of any file and that fruit initiative

for any unique here any file patience

is not starting with this name not from rest then you can start or

After delivery, if you press the tab button,

it will be done automatically, so this

quarter is fine for you, which makes our work easier,

we will mental, we

are inside this folder, see its file through lace,

English Activities and here we are able to see.

There are some points provided,

now how should we use it, if you see,

many of the packages will be downloaded very soft, it

is not necessary, I have to install all of them,

tell everyone the process, it

helps us in this, wherever we had to download from the front, we

go there only.  And if you do school then you

can see what is the process of using it

and here we have to

install it through gift and we just

ran it through pattern, before that you

can see here that it has the department

file.  Some packages which are not available in this

updater must be installed. How to get

VIP installed apps and other

requirements for Tasty Express. I

wrote down the earning methods in the leave.

All the packages whose names were mentioned earlier were

also installed through the right.  So,

first of all we will do Salman Khan and

after that whoever will follow the present process that while

presenting the same on our terminal,

he will

write in A, BJP will

record a pistol in the name of Despair and file DSC which is lying here now.  You

can see, you will also press for Aryans, which the

company has not entered, so here

because there is holiday routine permission, there

is no need to write in the morning, as we

enter, it will

start installing the software

update in most of the schools of the country.  My request to get it

installed completely, the task here

is to close the sub list python file,

write item jhal in this fort, all

this will be done by mister.com and ok and inventors,

after that one and

a half surprise, all that will be returned.  The file is of the

pattern whose mission we want to do,

11 are generated here and it is mostly

generated when we look at the

time of formation of the correct pattern by pinpointing Pakistan once and then

enter,

you can see here that this is useful for nutrition.  By

using its more options, you will

understand how to use it,

then here we will show the option

desk where you can see its condition. Here,

after getting the python3 sub list, you will enter the desk by typing

its status.  I will give here

how to use it, we can see, so

if we add two main which

we need in all, then we will get the use of dedication,

done and differential will get use,

so what will we do now, we will

write here.  Here we will call from

Subhash through our commander feet, we have

written Kamal and here in the last place we have written

this and after this we have added daddy and we will come here and

write the name of madam which is

an adult on the adult side youtube.  If you want to rent a .com then

it will be available here through every platform,

whatever you can submit from this domain,

we will fold it and print it here,

so it will take some time, friends, we will

wait a little, after that the quick time will be

400 kms.  Like who has done it, then all the

responses taken here are

printed here, all the active submits are

not interactive in themselves, if they do

not depend, then this cloth is our second topic

where we saw that we all have been

pointed together.  It can be used in these vegetables. If you

see this demand, then

you can leave it on the next point.

After doing this side, we have to see the next point in

which we have to see the lead and links. Inside one side, you

can listen to the Shivalinga.

They can see in two ways, Access

Tractor and Oblige. Apart from that, there are many

different things which Mother with a Strike can keep

doing, so for now, by using two platforms, as many

links as many websites inside the dormitories on one side.  As

many people will take their information

or is there any liquid which I can

see only if I

want to start, for that I am

giving the play skin, I am serial man, this is

basically the screen, that is, you

can subscribe by clicking OK on the terminal.

Add here now what we need is a

tractor and now first of all we can see which is

an online platform which will make mail easy

work Saumya will write plu

that tractor

Hello friends, I will try to

do the same for the person who is there,

good work.  Party does it, you can't use any one, the

output is closest to you, I saw

that here you are Rahman planet

computer laddu, I asked for complete, if he is

asking for this, then we will go and take digital,

B is

1000 computer, it is complete,

inside which that  We want to see the hidden viewers, we

want to see the darling, which

can be a hybrid SIM, that is, we

will paste all the garlic on it, now we will see whether

counseling has been done first or any

directory or any file which

needs to be known, then that person will all be there.  If you look at it, then

copy and paste it in the field for IS link, so

here we have just started it, here we

can see that this news

output was there, it has been printed here,

now it is here.  As much as you could

expect from the penis, we

activate it from inside and print it, you can see

that Eurozone is going as high as possible here,

you can see it,

we can do it little by little with the people in the image here.

Also employment, this is the

sum of all the images here, if you click on any match

then basically the one which

includes me Ghee Ok Chola image, let

us see

all the images of today, URL

MP3 Music Band CSS Good Moral Sense

Share  There are spoils, its oriental important

JavaScript is found, it is general legitimate, which will be

found somewhere in all the options,

you have all the oregano in which you will find

JavaScript, you will

find the home page of The Best Way, you will find its different training

pages.  So we will go to its pages,

here the login page is also showing,

title, login, forgotten password, okay, so here the

admit cards are there and all the other

oils are there, we are starting here,

which of these works and how to use them.

We will meet, we will see further, then we

can select as many links as we want from

a website in Dubai,

so here I have seen all the viewers, many of them, many

helpful things from life, many of them are very useful.

We will take this next,

how much information can we take from the site through Dou's cigarette up,

that is, if the director of this much urea

can do this point, then

basically there is a tattoo of the box for him, which I will get the crystal

in the first match, then he will get the crystal.

To give root commission to Mardan,

we will dub and central, we will

help the gas, it will come in front of us that

how we can use it, through the other side,

now we see how many files

are there, how many when the actress is accessed.  If you

can, then after putting it here,

write the name of the person who is in the best tattoo. If

we have to take the one of lesser quantity, then if I

press it, then by putting my word list

and automatically put all the words inside it,

Jodi will appoint, how

will he do its status.  If to-do

comes to the dog, it means this is the deck, this is the

belt, this is the page that is being accessed,

what does the doctor say to the status, is the

connection established correctly, this

is the page, um, I am able to access it easily.  And

those love statuses are different and they

give different information, so here it is

basically by taking some file name or folder

name and testing it which is a structure of alphabets

which is a kind of structure,

then it is doing its work as ringtone

system.  Our work has been done, in this way we can extract the information of

many files and folders through The Calling Tractor. This is the

structure of the website. Today we will

see some advantages, how can we

find out the tractor of more effective gender,

give this point.  That was all for this,

let's see in the next point, so let's come

to a new topic where we will see a website, I get a

request response,

whatever they have, they will check the same security,

we had seen the medal, do you remember, when we saw shatter, we saw this, we

saw this.  All sweater jackets, we will check whether the

security of these 10 is good or not,

that too through an account platform

whose name is

Ek Security

100 Turn on

360 Security Leaders, a platform

where whatever URL we give, these are its

request response headers.  Will check their

150, will check their security,

so let's see how we can do this. 20

feet ago, let's take the URL of the request,

my tablet goes to twitter.com,

I do it here, why we are basic, but first of all

check its header.  You have

copied this URL and

here we have pasted the sadness and

we just have to run the scan, so

friends here it is telling that

its Ghee security left means too

much one tablespoon Stage-1

It is quite a lot, we have added here

that we are British among them, they can check, they will definitely

do so,

whoever is able to stay here, it

means that this is a meeting out of fear, this Adams

does his work here.  But it should happen just because it is a

header meeting, so this

request is being made by them, so these are the

friends, it is our security out of fear,

similarly we can use any URL i.e.

go inside the side, copy this same URL and

paste it here.  If that girl is around,

whether she is being added to it

or not, what security she has, she

can chat, so this is another topic of ours,

about security, let's

move on to the next topic. Super, now we  We will see

a zooming, how to see typing and

what is the size of BSP Cybo in that domain,

here it means still work, let's open YouTube, OK,

it gives sports information,

so basically IPL and very size,

those who understand about these two debentures.  It is

very easy to remove it, now we will see other

things and the trap, we have already seen it, but we

do not have to do anything to see the IP, we have to

write pink and the name of that land

is we ask you back wn.com, as if we have used admin.  Write the name and

start entering. Here the request was made. When I

pinned it, I got it.

This is the OTP of our spider-man.

We copied this recipe wrongly.

Now our work is to control the bank through gypsy.

This friend found out from the children that

this friend is very big. Basically, there is a limit to the

size of each head. What is its limit?

How many percent of the packet that is coming there can be taken at a time or

how much can be packed in it?

Because if more packets come than that, then that

side will be down, that side which could

not support us, A. For example, you

can eat an apple at one go, if you have

two-three, if it is turned over, what will you do?

You will eat one apple.

Only when you finish it, you will be able to eat the second apple, then this

process happens on one side, it is

in the processing that when he already has

a packet, which is his limit, he

can only send one text and

talk to you.  Do this so that all of them will have to wait

until this packet is properly finished.

In this type of process, similar processors and servers work,

so we are finding out from here.

Now we are finding out which server is there.

Its last limit will be found out before lakh limit

i.e. if this range is bigger than this side, if a

packet bigger than this side comes to the side then it

cannot block it, it cannot even block the packet,

on that we say before log i.e.

when more than the limit is reached.  It is called effective,

for example, if this side is of your size, if

it is floating, we can read the packet of 22,

you can read my photo, it

can work on the packet of 22, then every choice

is bulk pack abs, so 3264, this is the number of invites.  This

packet is going to be loaded,

its flour is going to be loaded, but when

packets containing more than protein start coming to it at one go, then

all the viewers who will be cooked before that will

have to wait,

that is, on this side we say that the server is going down.

This is because if

more viewers come to the site than the limit then

it will not be able to perform well. There

is a God's limit on the number of packs that will

take more people than the process limit. If it will

not be able to pack well then it is our job.  Basically,

you can call it dessert, you

can also call it cost, that is, the

system sends problem data beyond the limit, if you

do anything about it, then the system is

not able to handle it properly, the website gets down,

that is the pest of the person.  If we are not

able to process the power then how can we correct its

balance? We will first see its limit. We will

understand that

how can we make

a student who makes sacrifices. We will find out about the

tubelight. We have found out through this

work only.  You can do this in winters also

and will shift to Indore. The

pin in winters performs very well. Let us

see by going to the video and

open our CMD. We will comment like I have

done here. After opening MS Word,

we will come here.  But

now we will write here Pink and which is the

name of Madhuban, when this tube is

a tex.com,

then here you can see it,

which came earlier, in such a situation, if you want to

check the size, then you can also find it here.

Now we have come to see a lot of things. This

is a system which has a limit on IPS.

To understand how many packets of size it can process at one time,

we will write PINK and first of all we will

see the help of PIN.  Of course, here the help of doping is in

front of us, further here we can see

that money performs with Pinky Roshan,

so for now, we will fragment it here, the

problem is that she is not pregnant,

so we will get the tap option use and

along with this, we are  You will get dad option use

which is setting the size of the stomach,

so if we had done the medical pin, now we

can see the result

that it has sent a packet of 32bit by default,

okay NDTL f-35, what will it do?  I will

tell you that it is very important, it

seems that the details are of 32bit which is left, so

what we are doing now, we are

increasing its size by two packets, we are removing its fragmentation,

we will do as much fermentation as we have to do to

remove pink that best app for

presentation.  And special power

size of packet where we go with Ulti hunter

then team will put them poison 2012 whatever is the

packet and after that they

will put the IP which is 12181 08

issue of Jhaal Saif

will add 2006 this year now you can see here

Whatever pack is going, this fourteen

hundred bike is going, four packs are going,

this video has to be suppressed, so I CMD

you, because its forming stage is

good, now we will also do the fielding, if we

decide on the fielding, then it will be quite good.  So

here it has

shown that basically one packet of 5105 is being sent,

its response is also coming equally, so

here we can see that four packets were sent

and four were received, so we have to see

that this class limit is  What is this will organize this limit

or stop responding part let

us emphasize

that and pristine and you can see here

is the rabbit or rapid statement so

what alarms have I set here so

now  We will reduce the excise on this,

I will do this, the photo we

had placed earlier, let's keep 2015 and the one whose

request is coming here, it

is working absolutely fine, so we will do that and

see it by adding some extra oil, OK

Suha.  Basically we

put it after recovery, so we do this,

I get up, okay, there is a value between t-20 i.e. 4850,

which will be its last limit,

we put its value, so I am

90,

90 is also coming but a little.  And let's go to

26

that Steve, let's see by putting some value in the middle of the pack Jani 6270,

Vikram sixty-five, it is

65th,

I am just going to three packet size oak head,

Tubelight is just another, but

also pack 264, which is that.  I am going to shift one more

time and see that

on the show, I saw that as soon as we

charge blast, its limited i.e. if we are

sending packets, then basically

what is the limit of the service, it

can press Sarvodaya packets.  What is the byte of the packet?

1464 i.e. if any packet is one packet above 1464,

then it will not be able to process it, then

its limit is called Import in

Hundred Sixty, there is a limit of

packets above that, then it

will overflow the buffer, that is, its

Packets are needed above the rail. Now if you assume that its

rangers' body limit is 1464. If

its 35 are continuously put then will anyone

else want to comment on it? Then it will

be able to connect. The reaction to find out the dimensions and size

is vacation and  This

can also be considered as a DoS attack on the server which is limited by Range Rover, because the

server will go down and if you

continuously take it with water like this, then the service will

stop.

So, this was our IP and PIN.

Further, you can use it and how to use it. Let's

watch the movie Maida. Let's see the next point.

Friends, now we will test the neck point inside it

and SL, that is, the 1st side

is also the acidity. As soon as we

add such certificate in the website, that side

starts performing HTTPS.  This means that the

secure server starts decreasing as the player selects it.

After that, the asset that we have

added is secure, does it have 150, is there

any left and proper security work has to be

done, we have to dress it, so

we have to test it like this.  If we check

that it is acid

then here we have been taken like this.

After taking this, inside the selection of acid test,

we will see that

whatever question we provide here, we will

see the validity of its SSL certificate and

how much character strength it has.  What is lacking in it?

To check its security,

follow the message steps. Write here '

Terminate your hack

wn.com'. If wn.com is fake,

then Abhishek has started his proposal here. It

is like a certificate. Every user should send a request to him.  And it is

seen that Pink is performing well in this,

no matter what security

issues it has, it will show in all,

so here we can see that we have

started the edit under the mission

that it is telling the serial number.  From when is it

valid, that is, when was it actually set, then an

update will have to be done. Back to Bilal, the process is

not complete, it is getting completed, let's

wrap it up. Okay, so as long as it is

basically sending requests to Shaadi users, it is

still weak information.  If we read it,

then here the issues r3 is telling

that cricket is

OK and trusted, it allows

105 nutrition and rest of the ad to be completed,

so here the copy of our SLP has

become tasty, the delay we have seen in the report.

This shouldering has happened, whose

security meeting is happening, that is why it is the

best plus but man, this is also good, now where is the

lack left, let's see,

here you will see all the ready smartphones

in which they are focused on that.

Basically,

why do they want to do so, so you can come down here and

see that it has sent a request to it from every user,

i.e. from every device, now from the browser

and it is seeing

how its response is, so here you can see.  We

can see that if this I Love in Phone 8.1 system

generates a sic, then our SSL certificate

option is not responding properly, if the

asset is not working from there,

then it is a force to fill in that place and something like this and

we are using Safari.  There are points from brothers for this, you

can see some weight here which are such sir,

it does not work well, then wait and then

sleep or you can see that this is

friends, it is fine, it does not work like compound, its

securities are good.  If it is

not working then these are some of the

browsers and devices where it is

not able to perform well i.e.

divided, if we do side queries then it

will not work then this is

called TSS Security Check Next Point, the

balance of this  What is the meaning of this side,

it will run the STP of the TV channel and you need some more

security sites,

if we use these devices

in which Redma will tell, well, where was he hiding, he

was earlier telling the Arab, if he regrets this side,

then this side is good.  The

effect of this is that the

certificate was not performing, it will not sperm properly,

this skin and prophet teacher, see

what else we can do through transfer limit. If we

move to the next point, the

next point we have is weight.

Machine Danny Welbach machine is needed and what does it work?

10800 is that machine is such a machine

i.e. it tells the time table is such a machine

but in the internet board i.e.

for the website it tells us that there

is a website and shows its time.  According to when the alarm was

started,

what are the changes and updates in it after that, that is, if

suppose I launched my website, I

had created my sites many years

ago and I was not paying so much attention to that side as I was to introduce the

difficulty.  It was

not there and then I did

not know what to show and what not to

do, so my website Potnis

was not the only one, some such information was there in the

first place but which should not have been there, which

I removed last and not in Pakur.

Some such information was removed,

say something like this, you can see the BTS which was on the side at that time,

i.e. in the time channel and

internet, I went back and updated them, what

updates did I make in my diet, at what time did I check the accountants.  If it were then I

can see its quantity accordingly or I

can add some additional information

which is no longer available on the side. Let us see

how we will use it. We will

write that it is sensible, we

are going to do the time table of 500 Inter and let's go.  On

doing time travel on the machine

and here we will do the time

table, we will see the w10 person,

when was it built, what are the things in it, how did it

look before, do they have any mission which

is not even intense on the first side and

Ravi, we will dip it very well in the future,

so here we have to

put the complete description of basically W scooter, so

ok, here the one with difficulty copies it,

now we are going to do

time travel and then blouse

biryani is ready.  Whatever is its history, since then it has been

built, whatever is its screenshot, show it as

Mission Bhoomi, you

can see here whose comment is very

good, this is what I am telling in the comment section,

second from here,

in which year you go.  If you want to see how the

side looked then you can see it here, the

first activity on it is that

it happened in 2010, let's emphasize it, we

can see here that by putting the

123rd date in the calendar on 23rd November in this site  If

anything has changed Raghu, if there is any updated

post, if there was a change, then here I

will click on it

and here it is telling us what

time this change happened, Amit will go to this time and take

his snapshot i.e. his image i.e.  By

subscribing, you can see

what changes have happened, what it

looked like, so here we come to the

weight of Rennes W till 2010,

this W scooter, it looked something like this,

submit a request here.  There is a form right in

front,

so these are some services, portfolio

and some things of website development which

this website used to do, which used to delete it, go

to the contact, here you get some

old mobile numbers, addresses from old contests, if

anything.

This is basically its first address when

it was made and it has very

good information and here there is a

personal mail ID and a lot of

information, we can see here that I am

visible and like this we can visit this side more.  If

you do, you can see a lot of information right now,

I will not get more excited than this, basically we are doing time table,

through double bed machine, we can arrange any

dormitory, whatever domain comes in your mind,

you can personally go to it and see it, then

fiber  When it was made, how did it look, what

permissions did it have and some very

good information and very

attractive things, you will see it very

useful, if you see Pooja, then the Wayback Machine is a very

important difference, you will see it carefully and

see all its updates.  As

we had seen that the calendar was happening at

any time, as many as we can see this updater

meh i.e. second day, let's go here because of

your little one, let's

see Mon basic here around ₹ 2000 2002  What happened

that Sushil, the site was updated between 2001 and 2002,

it looked something like this, whose

CS file is here, this computer is not able to do it,

but it is okay, we are seeing a lot of speed here,

go inside them and good for you.  You can

read them from information and dip things and key policy, there are

many things which we

can see here, it is like this, typing

double stack, wish time in which you

can do any role with the help of this, as I

told you, do it well.  You will experience

it well, you will go inside it and

see about different dresses, you will

get to learn a lot of good things. Next

what we have is SP Africa Test

i.e. there are 12 sites, if it has any effect then

we will do its SP contest.  We will

see in this feature whether it will be useful and how it is

used. Basically, it can save a meeting time

and can help when we meet. So

for this we have to test SP record.

To test Africa, we will just

write

aspecific

question.

Speed ​​Test Center

80 ML Two Drops also works well,

basically here you will get the latest biscuits related to everything,

OK, now we have created SP record here, it

is asking us for domain or  Then you demand, there is an option, they

give, they are

busy in cute 119 hands-free record

chapter,

this is supreme, where it becomes specific

and the problem, come, tell me that the apk file is done,

I will get it cleaned as well, I am sitting right now and am

showing you that basically here.  But if there are two

specific areas, then it should be like this,

so we can record the old one on this and come

up and make a report quarter. Okay, so

the only thing that is missing here is that it is

written in the specific ward, the name server

which was there is visible.

Read the voice mail and what information can we see? If we

click on introduce 200, then it will

tell us about the problem as well,

what is the problem on which it

is on record, so here you can see the

number of records on it.  I have also done testing and

its result has come, inside it it

is telling that

no problem has been found in it that you had a problem because I had done

whatever, okay here we

put dominant

100 test, so the real request here is this

limit.  The problem has been solved,

some of which are serious problems, some are

informative problems, so all those

problems are named, share them here, we will

join these problems soon,

so friends, thanks for watching this

video. I hope you all liked it.

Next Videos We are going to do some more interesting videos, till then

subscribe if you have not done so, please

subscribe, we are going to learn a lot of good

things in the future, I hope you all will

like it, thank you so much

[music]  ] that










Hello Hello friends, so how are you all,

welcome to your script, I Ashish Kumar, today with a

video for you, here we are going to

learn

how we can do email footprint, what information we can get related to the email,

which we get.

If you are not able to get data information from it,

then this is our today's topic. I am starting with this. So

friends, what is the basic of male.

If you have got a fair from someone, there is

any loss or you have mixed with someone and

you want to get information about it.  We will

understand how you can take it. To

do that, first of all you will use the net.

Download the email tractor of the school.

Now go to this and search for

Metro on Google. You will reach this site.

You can download it from here.

For videos, you

can download for other planets,

so basically our animated

control here is downloading. If there is a

positive download in the ad, then I would cross here.

Okay, the system

will start the intimate waves. Yes.

Next is the ID of the store,

then the next

that it will be shared here, if its side

effects

were news, then basically the package which you need, make this

Swiss roll, you are downloading that

grade friends email packing

is a very important topic, unless the download option is

something.  If we share things then

we can get any queries through email tracking, even if we have

sent an email and have received it from someone, there are

many to-jo services for that,

which can give a lot of time to China function,

you will also get some to-jo like  In which

if you have sent the mail to someone then he

can see what activities are wrong with me

i.e. whether he has forwarded the mail to someone else,

when did he read the mail, whether to

download the file in it or not and

who is the person to whom he has forwarded it.  This is

all the details, you can type so much

only through email, you

can also see the current location of someone, if you

enter some programs in the leaders, then

we will understand it much later, there is some time to

understand it.  If you understand then

this is what I want: storage capacity, this has been

confirmed, I wish it, OK, ignore

it,

I add a basic reminder here, it has

started, now what do we have to do,

we pass if anyone gets it.  That

mail is basically something, friends, some comment is

sent, so we have an idea, we have to copy it and

present it here, it is information in

use, American couple is a body, through that

milk information has been given, so how will we

do it, it takes our mail address, so

now.  What will we do here, there are many

leaves in the end, after opening any one of the

bells, after opening that tree,

we will see the 3 dots here

which are the settings, basically

you will click here.  So you will get some other option,

here we will click on show original

amazon.com, have seen that and

here you will get a computerized body like this,

you just have to copy the body to clipboard,

copy this idea to

clipboard like  You just

copy it to the clipboard, you have to

go to your Gmail backup from

here, then after going to the file, go to the fast sides,

after going to the President, it will

ask from now on, then here you will be asked to show the option,

train email ID is of Taurus.  Responsible for

entering this over related information

that after coming here, I will also control the body computer which was

done by one, the

body which came near in the morning will be done

from here, you can see that we

can see the starting but

that its sub-  The body of Singh Guddu that we had

cut and kept is a fruit, I have returned it from the Play Store,

this complete copy has been

copied by the sodium and if you

click on it, it will now trace it and

tell it which is generated from my place.  Will

even tell you its location, the server

from which it was received in the mail, so here you

can see the information sprinkled with YouTube,

here you

can add whatever and all the information

is loaded here.  Let's gather whatever is the mission of the website. Let's

see

friends, here we are today, the stress is complete,

now you can see,

whatever party is going on here, that is, the one

you started came to us,

all those ladies are here.  But it is starting and

here we have also got the location that

basically the server which is YouTube has been

female through USS, so that is also being presented in the

network specific information found

domain, information about this has also been found

dormant network information.  I have

n't got any special permission on Mili Domino, the

kill heads which were in Neem Heads,

I have taken them here, basically, this is the

mail packing which is also telling us some typing in the location,

it can tell some other middle

information, much more than that.  320

through which you can also see the

details of where your email is being used. The

more you

discover the more you discover the more you use it,

the more you experience it. *

The more you will

get to learn about it.  Correct tracking, you

can also do some effort from your side by downloading and installing some tools and

I will enter my

hair and if you

login to your Gmail here, then no matter what activity is going on in your email,

you will be able to

send mail to anyone.  I am taking it from someone, I

can show you all the information related to this, this Madhya Pradesh has shown you very good,

Pune is very good, ask and tell as you like,

video where we saw

what is tracking in Medium, how

can you email us  Walnut, see some information through them

and if we

register in that limited number of clothes, which

you will try, then you will

get to see even more information, we will

also ask you some more, you decide according to yourself, if

you are interested, we will ask you a lot.

Good information, please

like the video on media, thank you so much for your love and support, see you

with the next video, till then

if you have not subscribed, then

subscribe now, thank you, do it

[music]  ] that









Hey students, how are you all welcome to the

West? Ashish Kumar, today I have

brought a video for you where we will discuss about

DNS who is name, some mostly

printed means we are going to try to relate to it

here and here.  You

can subscribe for this from here, so for that

first of all we will give

you 1000 Naseebs, here you will see an option inside different teams and you will see the description but

you have to click on it and here we can see all the numbers for this.

So here we will

do anti press of w.com. If

all the messages are there in the service like I have not subscribed this and

subscribe my channel

then it will take time to subscribe then here you

can see here is the

WhatsApp status friends and tell me what is the time.  It is

given how much time is taking for the same effect in the deceased heart

and

that here is the result of juice in which there are such

records and some of its values ​​come you

can see subscribe here here

we want to ask okay so it was that if there

will be  Is there anyone down here right now and

this is our company,

we have come here for device information lobbying, we will

press the invention, who is useful and who has

subscribed to it, its registry has

been taken here, the captaincy was told all these things.

So let's see

this context, here I have dried and

can see the updated information, I will

give it to myself, we will automatically take the name of our administrator,

so nothing special comes, if we

check the DNA, then you can see the name of MS Word

here.  You can see that with this,

we have shown the information to Jagjit Singh in the country

as we have taken it, we had

seen the dream, anyway below

you can see the garlic under the pillow, as we have got the mail address

here, one and also request

Chandra  We will mix it, we

got this information here, so now we will see that we will cover

it, we will fold it in this way,

go to subscribe to and download the medical and

here you can see the folder, then it is

requested

that inside it you will see all the details.  I want you to

basically run Discover on the left

side of

Bigg Boss Dash. Now here you have to

start it. There is a password option called

Backbone i.e. Sunil Verification. You have been

asked here for two minutes on the day of information. If you

want to do a quarter inch then  We write

there and enter Dharmendra, he

wants to separate all the things from the union,

here from us, what is the name of the company,

an adult YouTube,

as long as this company name is

fixed, enter the domain name, tube.com, this witch

is only that.  Information from here must

start with ghazals. Subscribe from Fancy Haryana

that in the war that

here in this there is a very good fog and in this

we have that

from here the computer told that

whichever side has given the data to the next  It is a

matter of messages given within a week that we have to take permission,

we can see here that we have problem of son and

dates, he does not do it and we

cannot do the roots permission, so we

subscribe from here, for this you are

of a caste.  It is seen that we are full of

passion, we will cut it, Pushpi tube.com,

where to click on it, where to do

Ajay's

day tube,

skimming is done

and here this entry is made,

copy to list, Soham, do not add desi ghee.  I am

here, I will put it here, I have died, I will send

a message,

hands free download, Ritesh Sharif Tilak,

loot,

hello, hello, and here the

folder is called w triple dot com,

computing is directly com,

and here gender decimal point method.

Now for two ways, I have two here, the

name of which is 500ml of water, I was

intimate or the slip will

not be divided among ourselves, it will remain open as you

can see, so that if our proper

report comes negative then we are here.  But

seeing that he has understood, the police has told

that the latest is agreed,

here is the name, there are three

names

that Bigg Boss thinks, okay, a

lot of missions come.

So here you can find all kinds of

information about Meghnad's whereabouts, so let's

check

whether he is with his father, is it a foreign meeting,

which networking site, get him pinned to the

bank, where is he going after lunch and

we also have  Its cutting is also given in complete detail below.

Here the options fight.

Here you can see which is

proper and which is

Yo Yo. Honey Singh's businessman Vijay Mallya

sees the plan till then we say it is done

register.  Ok ok ok here I am,

why am I in Meghnad, Devendra Bhushan Singh Dhillon,

call me, I was

taking the fifth tan, I look like this for 5 minutes,

I have not shown any significator yet against, I had seen the body, last

but  Don't do anything like this in the water

and in the reports, the final report is telling

that Tehseen Dhamtari is there at his place.

Yo Yo, my topper report is as incomplete as it is.

Son, we definitely haven't seen the part, so the

report in which it is hidden is whatever it is, this

is the setting.

In the darkness of all that sleep, Pandey said that

he will go to the bank, check this to-do list, check

any responsibility, okay, then do it from here,

that he will

give the commission to the Indians, okay, it is Meghnad, he is

tied in the stomach and in the accident,

discover New Delhi.  100

I am online dot net fabric cotton original mold

when Bigg Boss picture.com center pleasant

here this information will definitely go here first let us

tell you in such a situation whatever information you will

extract and scan here then

subscribe now we are here  First of all the cord

is here

that De Singh gives Allu permission

and after giving Anu permission we will go to his

folder which is SP Data Online. Here we

can see that the folder which was W Stuart is

that of Nuclear Scientist.  If there

is a report then we will copy it.

Basically we will copy it from here and

put it in the person's folder. We will not put it in the download folder. If we are

not in a romantic mood, we will

copy it in the field of the computer.

It has been copied from here. We will exit so that

Kimam can go.  Now we will add t-20 product, you

can see it here, that

is the folder of digit, that is the intercourse speed e developed

end left, here the Interpress team is first the

pointers painter, then

here is the report of our discovery, then

tips and scissors are here.

Those who are rich in it

can see who is active in the morning. Here you can see what all has been

done in this lactic acid. That plate here has 500 basic

fiber in this application. Its name has been mentioned in it

and it is quite a flu for us.  If you know

which web application to use then

how to do it, you can do this by subscribing here. You must have

liked this video of mine yesterday morning,

where we also discussed about MS Look of Adventure

Look decisions.  See the points and

see more interesting things in the information gallery through

Discover. All the information

gathering that we had done was done by liking and watching instead of

active scanning and money

scanning. I have seen that you all must have liked the video,

if you have not yet done so.

Friends, do it quickly because we are

getting another video from them with

Thank You A [

Music] Kar Do Kar

Do.











Hello Hello Friends Welcome to the day, how are

you all, I Ashish Kumar have come today with my video

on Network Skin in which we are going to

learn a total of three things,

what is Network Scanning,

Network Scanning Methodology and Types

of Network Scan, so we are going to learn this.  Those

learning on three birds, let's start with

our first topic, what is the

matrix, if we have scanned the network,

then we will see that point, understand its pimples,

understand the process and scanning active

device, this panchayat chatting configuration,

inside which we will see the above device and its  If we

subscribe and do the settings inside it,

then we get very good support in ethical hacking in pentesting.

How does it work? What do

we have to do?

Basically, there is a blood system in it, we

access some information related to that system and

scan its network.  This is the system

which has this system, open subscribe, this system which is

running operating system and

can extract all this information from the network,

subscribe to this channel and will

write about them and after that will serve them,

so this is our network

i.e.

stumps.  Answer: If I want to

scan someone's life through network skin, then I will have to

follow it step by step. If I

understand the steps, the methodology,

how to use them, then first I

will look at those few points and along with that,  You

will understand that frill acting

target means selecting the target and the

second thing is the students so it is

very important to select you because

if we do not know whom we are

testing and whom we are testing

then testing has no role in

this.  But it is very important to set the target,

reader, next is to scan the skin in a tight range

which it rains, Jyoti, now we will

understand this as a message that suppose the

deputy told us, should we

scan the network, is there any flaw in it, one

is British, so please report it.  If we

scan the person's network,

then which is the biggest system I have? The

digital server which directly deals with the

website. So if we scan the Utsav first,

then we will connect a lot of systems to the server.

How many systems are there in the day gift?  If

we read how many computers

we will have to call all those computers, then to

find out all these computers, now we have to scan the high speed train, that

is, look from the side,

here Show System is there with one person,

how many subscribes, how many.  Found as

many systems as they subscribe after that

and their mother has system system village

subscribe application which is not and will

try to find out about the applications which are the chatting service which I have found

which soft ones are running after that which is the

weight of the plate  What are the things

meant by any then any service any

other

Ludhiana So here the blood in weight written here

means that we should celebrate any important thing, if we want to

consume the goods epo tasty

then which version of HTTP

This is the banner accused

Irving version is being used, it is free there,

Shankar has the certificate and which

version is it, is any such service running,

AnyDesk is running again, 40000

is running any day, what is the weight of 100 rupees?  What is the weight?

Banerjee has been giving away all these things.

After that,

find out the weight of the operating system. The

operating system's details

are the details of the operating system.  It is

also very important to do development

and when a new update of something comes, there are only two

results, either there is a new feature in it

or there is some deficiency in the old version,

then a

new version is brought after releasing its security press and

If any system is

critical of the operating system and then you take it out as old,

then it means that there is a deficiency in it. There must be some

150 weight in the smile, then there must have been a

report, otherwise it must

be the daughter of CID CID.  There is a form of

intrusion detection system i.e.

subscribe, if you do not get the subscribe, then

block it at the same time, if you are not

able to do it, then how to do it,

now we will see here in toe scanning and how to

bypass it, I will also tell you practically,

then after that selecting correct scan.

That is, there are many types of scanning, there is a

system according to the tips, how many

types of fans have we found, which is the

best for example for which scanning system, if you

subscribe to the pitiful, then you can subscribe to the tips, if you

want,

connected to the connection to the system, if you want.  Whether

this will work or if you do something else,

how many scanners do these basic scanning come

to us and subscribe to understand that

you

had to go a little backwards to understand how networking does any work. This

is the client. This is the question when  If the line is

connected to the server then it used to comment 310 was 310

in 2015 Collector Minister can tow free

deprived So here it is free I am doubting

what is happening in it You are the client He was the

first to sell action packed

in a  Printed this thing at some selective

point he said that I want to connect at the back, is

anyone on the potty, then the

reply used to come from here, soldiers judgment

came, did it come from here, yes, I am listening on the potty,

so this was the process.  And

after this, by selling Dho Enrollment Lets in the last,

this collection would be increased to 26 that their egos get

connected, so what happened like

in this, instead of just on quantity, if the

protein was open thing and someone was listening then

he said let us understand the chords.  And

through Laxman, after that he said, it gets

connected in advance with the help of Laxman,

this is total TCP and

communication, so by following this process, we do

not do it with tips, that is,

what is happening in the scanning of someone that

before the box  Will try to do

any communication studies on the reports as per the reports in any port number

and what will be the meaning that only

422 is being done now but sometimes 423 paise, proper connection on all the posts will be

stylish.  To

do the theory i.e. we are

seeing in all the reports which chart is open

and like soil

question number only then we will

see through some tips which version is which i.e. should

I run the service from support and

what is the version of it? This trick solitaire

is  When we say do tips then we see the

demand for doing tips. Basically the

first thing to use any scan is to

unmute for a minute in this training only the

channel which has graphical weight and

is very easy button because we want to understand it as the best.  If

you get more use

then APN app has a function which

will help in soil CT scan.

Write comment in this fort. Adaptive and unhappy

1216 whatever is the IP of that system to scan at this time.

Next this is what we have

UTI scam now YouTube.  What is Scan?

YouTube Scan Friends, the scan

that we are a party in the wide network, which is

some good information slides, stray

white connected devices, inside this, the

option to run the system

is Ad Shiv and inside this is amazing.  Have and

updates like this and IIP from this, we will have this

Canterbury, after that comes

the scan, now this is a very good party, what is the

front MOTC scan, get

this scan done here also, then what happens

which was the file, which was the ideas, what will it do

Ideas, you will see, there are so many requests,

what kind of a person are you, she is sending so many

requests for posting, then

this person will see this thing and he will block it,

he will do this, now he will not let you go from being logged in, till the

head, when till the lake.  If we will

not be able to join then how will we do it?

What do we do in this? We have done 30 deepika

half-open scan which is done only the one who knows will

understand what is open scan. Let

us understand what we are doing. We have sent a sealed pack to see if

there is any on.  It is positive but

as soon as we replied to the advice,

we did not respond after that, we did

not turn off Baroda in the close, we only got this money

as if investment came to us, that yes, the

potato should open the trunk, now we are silent and

we will talk about that further.  Do not do it only, it means that if the

collection 26 is not present in the connection step Vishnu, then this is

what our ideas did not know that

Ko is trying to connect to it again and again. Did

you send a lot of packets in the bad,

then will on the body.  Whether the

quote is open for chatting or not, we have

not placed any connect order, otherwise this half part, third

typical, i.e. only action packed, we have to

wait for the message, this process is called

instant, as soon as we are present in the last minute,

do not subscribe till the last minute.  So if we did this then

we are using this which we have that only

Candy Crush works on the phone, this is the account

that it generates so that it

can get more information and further there were some more

skins about which if we understand then

here  But then we have scan nris can

porn idol initial and we understand that

French twist is French twist, TCP is

required, black list is there and

scanning through it is not extensive,

which we denote with these lines,

earn here inside the app.  The finish is like

this, keep in mind that she has come back to wish,

she understands the scan, what is

happening, basically, what is

this scan, what is it doing, what

is the system

to Ajay,

that this system is already compromised,

Ajay's system is this.  Which system is this? What is this

system? So

this is the client, this is the attacker and this

is the system system here by already subscribing to this system

and subscribe to this channel

if you can subscribe to

any of them.  With this system we can subscribe to it, it was

like this

that those who will be using Bigg Boss

computers which are already in the rooms,

we call it idol scan or

job scan, so I hope you are

busy.  You must have understood that the network does

not give its math, its objective type.

Subscribe to see how many ways can be scanned

and which can return its IDS. At

10:00 in the evening, I have brought a very good topic

for you people.  This is a very

interesting topic, if you have

n't subscribed yet then subscribe now.

Thank you [

praise]

[music] What happened?









Hello Hello Friends Welcome to the day, how are

you all, I Ashish Kumar have come today with my video

on Network Skin in which we are going to

learn a total of three things,

what is Network Scanning,

Network Scanning Methodology and Types

of Network Scan, so we are going to learn this.  Those

learning on three birds, let's start with

our first topic, what is the

matrix, if we have scanned the network,

then we will see that point, understand its pimples,

understand the process and scanning active

device, this panchayat chatting configuration,

inside which we will see the above device and its  If we

subscribe and do the settings inside it,

then we get very good support in ethical hacking in pentesting.

How does it work? What do

we have to do?

Basically, there is a blood system in it, we

access some information related to that system and

scan its network.  This is the system

which has this system, open subscribe, this system which is

running operating system and

can extract all this information from the network,

subscribe to this channel and will

write about them and after that will serve them,

so this is our network

i.e.

stumps.  Answer: If I want to

scan someone's life through network skin, then I will have to

follow it step by step. If I

understand the steps, the methodology,

how to use them, then first I

will look at those few points and along with that,  You

will understand that frill acting

target means selecting the target and the

second thing is the students so it is

very important to select you because

if we do not know whom we are

testing and whom we are testing

then testing has no role in

this.  But it is very important to set the target,

reader, next is to scan the skin in a tight range

which it rains, Jyoti, now we will

understand this as a message that suppose the

deputy told us, should we

scan the network, is there any flaw in it, one

is British, so please report it.  If we

scan the person's network,

then which is the biggest system I have? The

digital server which directly deals with the

website. So if we scan the Utsav first,

then we will connect a lot of systems to the server.

How many systems are there in the day gift?  If

we read how many computers

we will have to call all those computers, then to

find out all these computers, now we have to scan the high speed train, that

is, look from the side,

here Show System is there with one person,

how many subscribes, how many.  Found as

many systems as they subscribe after that

and their mother has system system village

subscribe application which is not and will

try to find out about the applications which are the chatting service which I have found

which soft ones are running after that which is the

weight of the plate  What are the things

meant by any then any service any

other

Ludhiana So here the blood in weight written here

means that we should celebrate any important thing, if we want to

consume the goods epo tasty

then which version of HTTP

This is the banner accused

Irving version is being used, it is free there,

Shankar has the certificate and which

version is it, is any such service running,

AnyDesk is running again, 40000

is running any day, what is the weight of 100 rupees?  What is the weight?

Banerjee has been giving away all these things.

After that,

find out the weight of the operating system. The

operating system's details

are the details of the operating system.  It is

also very important to do development

and when a new update of something comes, there are only two

results, either there is a new feature in it

or there is some deficiency in the old version,

then a

new version is brought after releasing its security press and

If any system is

critical of the operating system and then you take it out as old,

then it means that there is a deficiency in it. There must be some

150 weight in the smile, then there must have been a

report, otherwise it must

be the daughter of CID CID.  There is a form of

intrusion detection system i.e.

subscribe, if you do not get the subscribe, then

block it at the same time, if you are not

able to do it, then how to do it,

now we will see here in toe scanning and how to

bypass it, I will also tell you practically,

then after that selecting correct scan.

That is, there are many types of scanning, there is a

system according to the tips, how many

types of fans have we found, which is the

best for example for which scanning system, if you

subscribe to the pitiful, then you can subscribe to the tips, if you

want,

connected to the connection to the system, if you want.  Whether

this will work or if you do something else,

how many scanners do these basic scanning come

to us and subscribe to understand that

you

had to go a little backwards to understand how networking does any work. This

is the client. This is the question when  If the line is

connected to the server then it used to comment 310 was 310

in 2015 Collector Minister can tow free

deprived So here it is free I am doubting

what is happening in it You are the client He was the

first to sell action packed

in a  Printed this thing at some selective

point he said that I want to connect at the back, is

anyone on the potty, then the

reply used to come from here, soldiers judgment

came, did it come from here, yes, I am listening on the potty,

so this was the process.  And

after this, by selling Dho Enrollment Lets in the last,

this collection would be increased to 26 that their egos get

connected, so what happened like

in this, instead of just on quantity, if the

protein was open thing and someone was listening then

he said let us understand the chords.  And

through Laxman, after that he said, it gets

connected in advance with the help of Laxman,

this is total TCP and

communication, so by following this process, we do

not do it with tips, that is,

what is happening in the scanning of someone that

before the box  Will try to do

any communication studies on the reports as per the reports in any port number

and what will be the meaning that only

422 is being done now but sometimes 423 paise, proper connection on all the posts will be

stylish.  To

do the theory i.e. we are

seeing in all the reports which chart is open

and like soil

question number only then we will

see through some tips which version is which i.e. should

I run the service from support and

what is the version of it? This trick solitaire

is  When we say do tips then we see the

demand for doing tips. Basically the

first thing to use any scan is to

unmute for a minute in this training only the

channel which has graphical weight and

is very easy button because we want to understand it as the best.  If

you get more use

then APN app has a function which

will help in soil CT scan.

Write comment in this fort. Adaptive and unhappy

1216 whatever is the IP of that system to scan at this time.

Next this is what we have

UTI scam now YouTube.  What is Scan?

YouTube Scan Friends, the scan

that we are a party in the wide network, which is

some good information slides, stray

white connected devices, inside this, the

option to run the system

is Ad Shiv and inside this is amazing.  Have and

updates like this and IIP from this, we will have this

Canterbury, after that comes

the scan, now this is a very good party, what is the

front MOTC scan, get

this scan done here also, then what happens

which was the file, which was the ideas, what will it do

Ideas, you will see, there are so many requests,

what kind of a person are you, she is sending so many

requests for posting, then

this person will see this thing and he will block it,

he will do this, now he will not let you go from being logged in, till the

head, when till the lake.  If we will

not be able to join then how will we do it?

What do we do in this? We have done 30 deepika

half-open scan which is done only the one who knows will

understand what is open scan. Let

us understand what we are doing. We have sent a sealed pack to see if

there is any on.  It is positive but

as soon as we replied to the advice,

we did not respond after that, we did

not turn off Baroda in the close, we only got this money

as if investment came to us, that yes, the

potato should open the trunk, now we are silent and

we will talk about that further.  Do not do it only, it means that if the

collection 26 is not present in the connection step Vishnu, then this is

what our ideas did not know that

Ko is trying to connect to it again and again. Did

you send a lot of packets in the bad,

then will on the body.  Whether the

quote is open for chatting or not, we have

not placed any connect order, otherwise this half part, third

typical, i.e. only action packed, we have to

wait for the message, this process is called

instant, as soon as we are present in the last minute,

do not subscribe till the last minute.  So if we did this then

we are using this which we have that only

Candy Crush works on the phone, this is the account

that it generates so that it

can get more information and further there were some more

skins about which if we understand then

here  But then we have scan nris can

porn idol initial and we understand that

French twist is French twist, TCP is

required, black list is there and

scanning through it is not extensive,

which we denote with these lines,

earn here inside the app.  The finish is like

this, keep in mind that she has come back to wish,

she understands the scan, what is

happening, basically, what is

this scan, what is it doing, what

is the system

to Ajay,

that this system is already compromised,

Ajay's system is this.  Which system is this? What is this

system? So

this is the client, this is the attacker and this

is the system system here by already subscribing to this system

and subscribe to this channel

if you can subscribe to

any of them.  With this system we can subscribe to it, it was

like this

that those who will be using Bigg Boss

computers which are already in the rooms,

we call it idol scan or

job scan, so I hope you are

busy.  You must have understood that the network does

not give its math, its objective type.

Subscribe to see how many ways can be scanned

and which can return its IDS. At

10:00 in the evening, I have brought a very good topic

for you people.  This is a very

interesting topic, if you have

n't subscribed yet then subscribe now.

Thank you [

praise]

[music] What happened?







Hello Hello friends, how are you all welcome

to the best cute one, I Ashish Kumar, today I have

brought a video for you guys where

we will see the network skin practically,

where if we understand the basic to advanced which is Network10

then Adam basic to

advanced to  We are going to retain,

inside which we will fry all types of scans

and see what we pick up, then we will

open our black machine. Here in the end

killing machine, basically we have to

do network scanning. You looked 100 times and there

was no network.  In the first session, we

explained the admission very well, let's see the types,

natives can be different, an IP is a

system, that is, hence you opened some points on this,

I am running a service on it,

so we have to decide that which

is the system whose  What is your experience,

which posts are open on that system,

which service has been done on the spot, which service is

running, it has been described, which operating

system it is, what is its weight,

so we can give some details in white.

After that through scanning, how will we get further use, we will

watch the movie, if we see what fiber leaders are

doing then how

can we do it, then let's start

our video. It will be our biggest pride

that whoever selects us will do so.

To target, the table which was

used in our setting of life, so we will

open it,

now we will think about the restriction here, the machine has been done

and it is starting here

that here when we deposit the table on the address,

login password.  That SMS was just

admin and password admin

ok so basically you are logged in, right because it's

proper, this is an amazing interface,

this is the machine for which we will do it, so for that we

need to be here so that we

can see it here, so 634 you in  Due to

Niti-2006 834 and subscribe,

here we will open the terminal,

open the number browser and we

will confirm whether whatever

is going on in some web interface on this IP, we will also see once

that we love the IPR scene.  You can acquire land from 1921

or if it is more than 120, you

can see that as I wrote, basically the

major STP, which was the Apache server,

is there, so the folders inside the acidity,

WWW, all the shoulders, we

can see here.  But we have filled DBW and some

other things and configured the machine

which we had run in the setting of life, so here

we have the table on, now we have to

scan on the side which

posts are open and what services are running on it.

We need it, we will stop at our terminal, we will

stop here, so here we will write pink, do a

drop test and see if WiFi is on

12168 dots

or 98100

OK friends, we will see that this point

is on, this recipe is on, we have transmitted four packets

here.  In return, you can pay

only for this, this means that OTP is you, i.e.

system off, we

ask for a plot on time of train to Ujjain for scanning,

which works very well, there is

a gap, I scan is the recipe,

basically.  It has very good information about going inside the network

and a lot of functions in it. It is

very Vaastu in signup. If

you use it, it is too much. It does

not complete many steps at all.

Basically, the function of the script

makes you pause a lot.  So we are

not the first to unmute the messenger. Basically, it is

made for big networks. When you have to

scan a lot of IPs,

it performs very fast. Hmm, we will

take that into account as well. Now we will see through the app

how many types of scanners we can use.  So

first we take enter

that we will do Africa mental so we can see that

its Adam's key has melted,

after this two

OK, so here I have started its help,

we can see

from the starting or its

India will appoint such a person with different functions, the

author has told a lot inside it, as we

saw in our first video, what are the

functions, which stands can we do,

how can we scan it, like

How to scan has been explained here,

so see the use of those functions, you will also do your scan

and I will also give you practical

details on which function and what

work has to be done. He makes it clear that the meeting is the

first ML

key.  After that, now for scanning,

first of all we will do a normal scan

inside which we will write left and

first of all we will do most inside this

Android app

that SP is Politician and IPL

and this is our victim, we have done a

CT scan.  And enter the victim type and at the same time

here we will put honey honey DSP,

it means that we will show here the information which is

scanning in the jail,

that is, there are classes, basically it

will define cancer and what other work.  While doing this, it will also be

shown, so enter this good key, so see

here

friends, we have processed a very tasty scan in this,

what have we given to it, I will

prepare it only once,

so make changes here and open something in it.

Discover the pores very fast,

so many open pores have been discovered here

and this has been seen in the festival,

how much service is there, I have discovered this

Open End Quote 21 TV Channel

22% End Here, there are many points open,

this means  This is quite a lot, so here you will get

a lot of side and all one tablespoon of ghee, that

number will go. It opens the app, so

here you can see the

marking of this scanner. If you want to see what

percentage you will get during the scan.  Is it complete?

What percentage is this done now? Now if you

press enter, then the update

status will tell you that 5.8 cents have been done.

What is the Gemini time? So,

if you ever have any doubt, there is no noise and

You can check whether it is working or

not by pressing the enter button on the right side and you

can see that it is yours, then how much

progress has he made and how much time is left to

complete that question.

Yesterday morning here on the net, we talked about his rich person.

Here you were given so many instructions that

you have to scan this or scan on someone, gave its

typing and told that

whatever appointment you are using, it is

also taken by Bigg Boss with a good look to experiment with

what work you have to do.  We have

given you the same number of questions in the section but we have

not told you from which side you have to

scan the supporter, that is,

now we will not tell you that from one to

six 55352 is the last, so till here you have to scan.

How does adverb work? If

we do not give it any infection, this is the same

thing, then this bar is deposited on the post which is by default, it is

mostly used, it is on

Tuesday, it scans on those posts,

if you want, from one to  If

you post all the posts on system return, you will

have to mention them through DSP because

now we will listen further, here our

piece cancer, its result will come, you

can see this post, there is some zoo pun hai interview

tricks, that is after

two here.  Famous soon,

this point is showing here, it is open and there is a

filter here, so you will see it is open, at

this point you can have juice, dreams,

what else can you do and tell the service here

but is posting or submitting.  This is

TCP and UDP scan and after this, if

we should check whether our TCP

stand is correct or not, if it is not

complete then what we do is

if it is not an open loop in the village, then

we have done the information.  If you don't subscribe,

then subscribe here. Subscribe

Hanse connection does not disturb, so

we have told all the open pores in it. Here

from this point which is in the soil, but

basically the idea is there, I am not stopping

here. Next what we do.  Now when

Bigg Boss we will not post first then we will see

how much better we can come then

subscribe us so here we

will maintain this piece transport here inside AP port we need 128 65

ok so here is what you have  From to head

335 last which to them this and subscribe to

so its level is 22347 We are setting the flavor here

and from this you

can see that if you want then you can write

or subscribe so here I have written

some  Also subscribe soon

and if you want to subscribe this channel

as many as you want then if you

subscribe till here then we will not do it here so let's

get up and enter and let's see

if he gets it. It's coming

this morning.  Here we

can see some extras which we have written below which there

is no name for the favorable food because

debit moon sign if you remember ginger because

everything is there it

comes by default so here basically time is enough

All the posts have been received, nothing has been

received, so we have to open another quarter inch.

Now what is our next task,

we know that this query is going on on this ID

and I think you have posted it all.

So our job is to see

what is the version of the service that is running

and how to check it. For that

basically we will take the whole question. We have only one here

which was weight scan and we will turn it on.

Through this basically what will we do?  No matter how much shame is

going on here, as much as we have

seen this service, it is like a stitch, we will try to calculate the

weight of all these on gas, the energy that is there,

so we will

do an inter press on this here, so

basically now this  What will the stand do with all these

services, its weight will show us that

how is this decision, take flame, it will be

helpful, it is like Prince, basically, if we accept

TCP, it

will talk about service for any photo, one like this, if we

talk about all the seats, if HTTP  Version 1.2 of

Whose Children for example and currently

scanning it in that system, it has

only 1.0, so it means that when Singh Harsh

software update comes, there is

some or the other pretty in the old trophy,

then its paste is released.

No data or no one recognizes it, an

update comes along with it, if it has the old weight,

our only role is this. Check

whether any description was ever taken in that old weight.

If there was, then that system is still filling the

revenue records.  Update

and mix it well, which one is this,

through this, NATO soldier, very good decision,

shopping from many in Tejasvita system, a lot of

services are required, which is

still running on old weight and Jasbir Kaur

Singh's weight is old, so this is the reason  With this, we

can use that system which is one British,

which is its job, that's why I have

not installed the system yet, so

do your tiffin, why do you waste your fan control time?

90% is done, I tested it online,

you can also see.  You can have two systems

that show your grades, you can see the output here, the

output is very active,

whatever services we provide to the business on time,

subscribe here, on that word, and these are very

old, subscribe,

after that, mostly all the systems subscribe.

How can we do it

yesterday morning, as far as our skin was

concerned, it was a good scan. We told about dishing it or

taking it to a better level.

Through this, we told that we can see all the changes in it. We

put the torch on the service, we told from

one to the system of  The clan number

is the port, all those things should be there. Beans, if we

write double without telling, then there is more detail

information that even if double is visible, if you

show it to others, then its end and at the same time we are

present here, tell

us that this is the crown.  It is needed in a file,

through this matter, we will put it as soon as possible after 15

minutes, which is basically tell

us that here the subscribe

told us that we will press here and you

can see that after all it was complete and very  You

can clearly see on which post

their weight is, whatever has happened here

and we have it, so it has been created here,

inside which there are service and

keys, so here in the morning, understand that all the posts should

be placed on concrete posts.  By saying service, let's

see one more thing in our ancestral

that this is the system which is to be scanned when the

target system is so that which

operating system is there in the system, it also has dream evening 28

which is told in this point

system this is Brittany.  Spiers, according to that,

our One Meditates Cement lesson is

very much involved, so I think it is

very important to find out what test is going on in this system, so

what will we do for that first, our complete

command was exactly that.  It's the same thing, we just have to

put an icon here which is capital,

which means operating system scan, that is, we

will click on the sister of the operating system, it will tell us which

function has been done here and all these things will be

returned to this file show.  We will do this so that the complete

package and information becomes illegal here,

so yesterday

morning the

code that we had asked for to tell the size of our country's operating system has been

wallpapered and here we

can see that the complete

information here is telling us that  This is a metro table,

it is a Linux based operating system, now the

city, its name and survey, basically the

operating system, which one captures the fingerprint,

through this it will find out

which is the operating system, it has been mentioned in the box,

so there is a lot of good information in it, let us

try using it here.  Let me tell you that there

is a label system whose name is Metro Table, so

we have a lot of good information about it,

which we did for 5 more minutes, now

our work is done, how to delete this file,

so by deleting that file, we

can see basically.

Friends, now this chandelier

pilot, if we want to dip it properly, we will

always have to convert it like this,

so here I have tested the cancer

patient hanging.  We will convert it

in the festival so that we can code it well and can

see it graphically by opening the browser, on which of our posts what

service

was described and what was it for operating system

and job information and our war,

so for this we  Basically you will get

access to it from the form.

What do we have to do after the form of the letter? We will

tell the name of the file which is to be converted. We will call the dish as the same. We will

ask about the condition and in which file we

need to convert it. Many experts in Test One Test Team will have its

from.  Basic and after that in the last solution, I will

press enter and after

checking the balance, you can see that the

gift has been created here, now we just have to turn

on this point, we can do it

basically graphically from our file manager.  You

can go and turn it on, but the fort will

not do it for us, we will unite here

so that then we can do it from here, the

meeting will be done here, the name of this fant dot html5

will be Sanjay Sharma Inter Press, you can see

that Facebook has been opened here.  And

in a very good message, I am showing the proper output,

how to get, here we can see, very

good use whatever is there, doing all these things

here, what did we scan, the complete complete

commander, always below that, our son.

He has told, he has told, so here

you can see that its service service that

here it is very here and

very good subscribed you subscribed

so if we can use the description of our channel

which person

can use and  You can stick it on top quite well,

so let's see, first of all,

read about your height measurement, so here

I will see that we will

joint the alarms, use this here,

basically okay, so here we are

telling the scan, now school.  And

subscribe here so that we will

meet such people here, so use this, we

can complete it according to the expenses, so here we can

do anything else about it, we cannot do anything else about it,

go there and subscribe to

subscribe.  Where do I go to the tab

Script in General and turn off NFC here?

Now you can see that a lot of

information is being given here that if you

use it, then what will be its output.

If you have to script a wedding, then that.  You

can also check and do the opposite simultaneously

but I will not comment on you only because

applying on the whole skin

means a very scripted

behavior, you have done it without understanding whatever

amazing means without understanding it.  I have asked for it along with it

but if it is scanning then

TCP has been used in it

and what is the point of skin which can

harm the system later on you will use it

anyway you should take care

now it has got views about it

Search on why, what is it used for,

because how does it work, what is the output, what is it

used for, what is its working process, only after

keeping all these things in mind,

in whose function is cancer and which last run

should we take, then we are talking about it.  And will

search, this is quite a master, the

more father-in-law you are, you will get very good functions,

some small less, today let me tell you

that related to the skip, I am here through Shiv

that Roopmidam Dhritam

ki end clear,

I am anyway in the add.

Because we can create a lot of suspense through the script,

but this double decker makes the script

medium, although now

we have mentioned it,

if we have not mentioned any scan before,

here is the medical baby scan, do that.

Will give and if we do capital stunt sitting

then basically stagnation scan is visible,

it means this is its deposit area, accordingly it will

complete on it i.e.

operating system will address all these things

i.e. year objects of the

guys can  His hotel will remove the real

system, all soon, assistant director does

not work because of what happens in aggressive,

I can lock the firewall easily,

he can stop it easily, in that case, there are

no anticipats, we will use different scans,

first convert the system address here.

You can do temple run,

basic, if you are getting blocked then you should

use another technique, so

here after we maintain the script,

I will not complete it here for the sake of box oil, let me

tell you that if

you are here  But if you put start, it

means that waste oil is being used at any place in your command

line, then star

basically means that any valley at that place is

attached to York. I am telling you that

whatever skin is inside the script of this.  If

all the schemes are pieced together and

apart from this, if I write the diet like this then anyway the

script will automatically end up knowing

what all the uses can be in it. Let's enter them and

see how to read it clearly.

And here it starts at the top.  This has happened

when Bigg Boss had to be used, it has almost

like SMS collected mode and discovery, here after

doing a lot of tuition in it, we have

reduced it, let's see and do it again sometime,

do we have

loot, it is quite good.

Tried to log in activity from here,

its status has come to 230, it is

not basically porn, after that, if you subscribe here like this, then it has

got some things, it has got from Bichkaya Sandy that

after that, okay that's  Tips have been received here from the

SSP of Acidity,

he told you about the functions here, he had told you in America Function Use Mare

City that it is useful for the meeting tomorrow, so there are

two functions here

which are very useful for us, VRF and

Call Function here.  Which mission was

not done here also, I will tell you when we will

follow the process of animation properly,

then you will tell what work can be done.

Scientific also inside you can see that there

was Metro 220 Cooperative System in Delhi.

He is telling that whose kidney is fine.  He is

also telling about it

that the script of Edison RPC Bank

is also narrow and use it very well, the

information is soft, Chandra is soft, he will shift the miss and son

also in the pot,

he will keep it with him as soon as we do 120 cuttings,

that is, 100%.  When we come to India, we will see that all the

old service jobs that were there on all these ports have been gathered back into them,

how much more power this system will have to increase

and also see how they can increase the speed

and how they can seal

it.  First, friends, this was our and

wept and production company. At the time, we

saw all these things, here we got a very

good thing, mission, we

went here, next9, we will use macrame,

ringtone, Shiv's opinion, Sushma, we saw.  And

how does it work? How do I account? Edison spits

his spit very well. Bhatt scans it with the help of the missing curry. How does it work?

Like a mechanic, this is a metro station. But the skin

which is there is more in the area. The

entire IP of the country is hot.  Scandisk will be done by

Amazon. We are running a lot of systems together for any complaints. Pushpendra wants to

comment on every post, that is, our

skin is very time consuming,

so at that time scan is used. When Bigg

Boss used Scandisk.  In this it follows very fast,

rest of all the scans, after doing 250

scans, it gives us the border by pressing it, if we

use the ad in it, then by

giving an example of this message,

what will the global enterprise do? After giving the permission in the form,

I will enter the army.  So that we

go to the basic commands of using his heart, so here we will

use it with some stuff, so the

first thing we will copy is

that I will make some changes after presenting it here.

No, if you want,

from former one to 65.  All the posts have to be done, I will

mention

that we will put the appearances here, basically till 244, we will

put the live news here and

like we will run the stand, what will

happen here, MSDN is

faster than any other systems or other scans*.

And the output is, I will

quickly reduce it and give it. If you

are ok here, then basically write two to four,

then this is unique, here all these users can

start, even if they are close enough, then it

will scan the network, complete scan on this.

It does a lot of good through the mission. Now the

mask here is sharing all the posts,

this report will be custom made and it

will be scanned on Anubhuti's service.

Here, I scan every system that

runs on that system.  The same

composite which is

scanning the report as per above on 354 on the system from closed,

then the messenger is basic, will lift

a lot, research in it, send message here and

got looted, we can Mukund here, their

512 bayan network is scanned quite well in this.

We have done the treatment for Rs 250 and it does not

stone completely.

Sujalpur does not do midwicket school. We will

heat the butter. You cannot give time to it in the morning. The

mill here

is visible here and there. Which are the basic ones?

Ports like someone

told in the Discover Channel that I have to discover the first point in this is

SIP, this is you

send a WhatsApp message to

yourself, look at the machine, you basically

put a big snap like this and the palace is pregnant in a

very good amazement and your skin.  With the

help of if you can't get white ends and

if you have any issue then I would recommend

you to look at the condition of brinjal and

remove the baby or you

can ask in the comment section, I will definitely

do this but if you want better graphically.  If it

seems then you don't know, you

can know which is the graphical weight on the cameras,

like animals, graphical interface will help you, I would have

been the first part of the body in many planets in scanning you,

so now it has been removed, so you can

install the channel.  Can net ever have graphic weight,

you will get it in the videos also, here

it will complete all your scans, you can select the

distance of compression scan, you

can do it on Amazon, if you like

this, I will comment,

is it designer as soon as you wear it, do luxury scanning in this

Vikas Mukesh Bhai can tell a lot better thing than I give it to you in the

morning Jaitana video

where we saw through Network10 add apple map

that how can we scan,

open it,

what service here and how can his son find out,

it will be mixed.  You can

rate it if you liked the video. See you

tomorrow with a new video. Till then,

if you have not subscribed yet,

please subscribe.

Thank you

[Music].









Welcome to B.Tech, I Ashish Kumar, today I have

brought a video for you guys. What is Animation?

What is Animation, so

today we will understand about it. Let's

see what we are learning today. Today we are going to learn a total of three

things. Friends, at this time we are going to learn something.

What is animation, definition and

tourism, that is, ways to avoid it, so man

3, this is the first topic which is ours, what is

animation, so now what is animation,

animation friends, basically what happens is that

with some protocol that connects two systems to each

other.

We must have heard about TCP and UDP

protocols very well or I have also

seen in the networking section but there are

some such point protocols

or some daily protocols which are

basically for sharing.

These files are used to share some or the other data

which is SMB SMB

SMTP ANT, so all these protocols,

friends, these protocols help in

that point's mission,

what we do here is basically normal

information gathering on networked.

Apart from these, we open the report of Judgment Protocols of Toto Court

by the Director of Torque i.e. the

protocol by default

and connect it to that system and

extract some information,

what can we take from it, we give

information and extract the user email ID.  We do

protective practice

i.e. we try to find out the actives by

mixing them. The user group will be known

as to the number of uses in the videos. For example, suppose your guest is Jatin,

how many are there and how many are there for the administrator.

We will find out the number of stops.  We

try to make the default password short,

basically, that is, whatever MP, SMTP, whatever

service is there, they have their depot,

through that we can do the animation, in the same way, we

can access your system,

Ended June Transfer and these four options.  Hey,

dinner, dinner, what is June transfer,

mom will also understand this by visiting friends museum,

what is happening in animation, if a

total was created to split a list between two systems, then

due to misconfiguration of this protocol.  We are

connecting to that system and

we have been successful in taking some of this information. It is

very important to know one thing in Sonam's return

that is not set up. What is the national account?

Friends, let us understand this. It

is inside the superhit Windows operating system which is

normal.  Protocols Adams Pet Some such

protocols for data sharing by

builders Maintain null account Panel

account means why is it so

in our videos President is all my

Windows XP 6000 Windows operating

system which has

no password and so on  Due to the reason that we are

able to connect to the system and

get the information we need in Jaipur,

then

due to the misconfiguration of the protocols, when we

take information from it, some small

information or a lot of it.  Then we

convert it into edition,

process of teaser information gathering,

chilli of protocol 8 to 10, like manipulation of it,

like minerals, the point for you to understand is

that

how much types of pollution information is generated i.e.

in the mind of the elite mission.  The British will remove these

activities till they remove how many

types of them, let's see through the guidance, Net

Balance Mission and Vision Mission is an admission test

in which we have network protocols, with the

help of 150 of them, we find out the shortcomings

and are connected to the system, Sanam.  The calibration

philosophy is MP protocol through

which in SMTP which works with me from the fare to the TV,

through that photo we

find the deficiency and definition and definition

and Jainism transfer this basic report

I in this when we calibrate by taking out Banna Pretty.  With

so many protocols

through which manipulation can be done and phone calls can be made

and they can be connected to this system to

get a lot of information about them.

Not the next point is what are

their airports, what are their deposits, what is the

product they talk about, this is their

body.  The part is that we work on the spot, we will

also get protected from infection through tuition post,

so let's see our phone number is

253, it is basically called death zone transport,

that is, the designer who completes the John Town

test and does total mobile repair.

Total TCPDF is 135 comments. The

service you have is running on protocol RPC Android app.

In 137 which follows this photo, in these

steps nameserver application is running

and in this application we find them and

request the net brothers.  It is 139, what will

SM also work overnight, brothers, it will last for 1.5

minutes, this LMB over Chinese soldiers

looted Indian soldiers TPT 161 Adams,

very good product,

photo of such networking in which

withdrawal is done well, it is difficult to understand, it

is a network  It is

difficult to understand that it does not work, it does

not work like this, here everything

is digital and according to that wedding, our

marriage can follow any question,

friends.  It is not so easy to understand,

more than half of the network is unable to configure Limited To

and that is why our

work becomes very easy. I

can try this LMB animation. Now we will

see it practically

how we can try such admission.  So the ldap 339

flabby runs and on 164 ours will run on

9315 school exactly the application

runs on dip deposit. Inside the applications running on these posts,

we take out one vomit, do

animation i.e. connect to the system

and

first take the information in which  Viewers can take it in it can

definitely be changed Next

Reference How can we avoid contagion

Superhit Here I have

written the security measurements I can explain for double protocols

How to configure SMTP server First of all

ignore this mail  If the

messages are coming from unknown places like

China or the sea, then

ignore it. If it is open, do

not follow the further process. Not doing

sensitive Mirwaiz and Local Force

information in Hindi.

Then we have to keep one thing in

mind that in the response, no

local most information should be sent to the email server.

If any Umesh

Sharma local is important that I am

going to Denver, the group will be disabled in our security.

Open Dinesh Dhall.

Open lettuce also has to be disabled for those having sub-features.

Limited number

of connections i.e. those with limited number of connections should have

more connections than required.

If we do not put any limit

on how many we will use, then we can

avoid it by 15th.  Will it go or not? If we have

not kept any validation, how many

can be used, only so many can be tracked, then

basically it can be time is it, if

validation is on Wednesday, then as many

attacks as you want, as many passwords as you want, there can be as many passwords as you want.  It is

very important to use it, so

friends, LMB's low toe measure. Next 9, we will

see and what are the countermeasures of BJP

and SP, they

can vomit whatever is there, they can know about it, it is not there

and it is not possible to use it in any way.

One thing to keep in mind is that

if someone is trying to

log in too much then his wife gets locked

or he gets logged out after some time period,

then this is something that should be kept in

mind regarding security so that  By looking at the

configuration of our protocol, they are

unable to do animation in it, they can

steal our information, which edits,

if any, how to do this, what things should be

kept in mind so that the education will be more so that it is

possible to do animation in it, so

let's see disabled.  Assembly protocol

on web Indian real year i.e. the dress which is

there first of all if assembly

is not required then disable it disable that photo

disable Advanced Diploma in

International just like this disable the protocol the

parliament of the internet every that all its center  Is

going towards add it that we do

n't need then disable it and come

special force post any 13023 face

used by GSM disrespect is basically teacher

also 138 flight this is the point if this

post is used by you.

We know that if the app is open then the ad

service will be done in it and the study shows

that like there is a service, if this protocol is

not needed then it can be disabled,

then these two points also have the secret of cross,

that is the assembly key.  Wherever the service is open, it should be disabled,

after that basically the

alarms should be turned off. The actress should

list only those things which can be accessed by anyone. How can

we do this measurement in this channel

settings?  We will get this parameter

in the Windows Registry, so basically

through this we can reset the action in cases, so

we have to run this function

so that the alarm which is successful

gets destroyed, no other person

could do it in the system, so I have this reference.  Our

video where you understand about the fast,

on which protocols the animation can be done,

understand that we will inspect the disco dancer

and understand what

can be contagious to someone, these animations can be contacted, it

is a very simple thing friend, if any

product and our  If it is not working and has

no use, then first of all this

protocol and that point should be made

but the fact is that whatever data is being

transferred through sources,

all that data should be secure

i.e. transfer in vented comment.  You

should take care of some such small things,

all our protocols can

shrink it and there is admiration,

any scanning, it can be filled with any kind of cutting,

so thank you. You must have liked today's video of mine,

if you have watched it till now.  If you are

not able to make time then please subscribe

so that I can bring good videos for you every day

and when you come to

know about the videos from time to time, then you will

get trains with another video till then

if you have not subscribed yet.  If you have done so then

please subscribe. Thank you

[appreciation].











Hello Hello friends, so how are you all?

Welcome DW Stan Ashish Kumar I have

brought a video for Raja Prabhu where

we will see how NatWest comes wearing animation,

how to get unlimited net by that, let's

start our today's video of

students graduation.

Read a lot about animation and understand what it is, that is,

scan this photo and

connect it because

sharing good information is called aversion,

so for that today we are going to watch the best animation on the net, what should

I do for it?

Basically the machine is on the table, where is the

machine on the table, if you are on the Amazon machine,

then you have to go there and

what comment has to be written here so that you can think of your hour but

this which is more than 12182 dot 100.

For America, there is a controlled on the machine,

if you press, then basically

from this terminal, there is a window, you

will be able to come out of it, after that,

on our black machine, in our moving persons, and here, our IP

address is 12818, we have done the system by doing cotton 3000 IPL.

This system is like you have a request

whose sperm time is approaching so this

system so now let us see which

post is there in it which I have told earlier also the tip is

that in this network network 83739 village

's digestive okay till now everyone is right  Which is

done by a Professor Cameron so that

whatever he tries,

hence Bose's biography

is the site plan of British i.e. Net Bios or not. If you

scan the first two options on the track number, then

there I am in the service.  First of all, know whether there

is a network mark or not. Secondly,

here we are not using the end sister in which

our apk file is MS Word, rather it

is the end, here we will make it Worli Art

basically like water, it is the

album shown in detail as soon as it is entered.  All the names of the

buttons of our machine that we are pressing are

thieves here.

You can see here that it means

that the growth of networks is in this IPO.

If you try to enter any other ID then

you will see  It will make a difference, let's put 135

which I have taken out from the machine, there is

no offer coming here, it means it is hundred percent of ₹ 1, so

basically this network has

a packet for its animation video chat,

apart from that, if I comment on this  You

can also share and tasty

that such operating system is removed and

which is known in world cricket, it

follows from 138 to Parliament, from 130

to 130 OK and website has been

put in IPL

that Soumya AP  Have also put it here and

here it puts it in the marriage of a connected scan

so on and on

24th June Network it is reported

basically it looks less open in today's systems

berth voice is also there

in NET in many systems  You will get the quantity, you will

get the news network open potato

and you can do animation in it

that you can press here and see

how much percentage has been scanned,

I can see it here, it

is visible in the front here, 13139 138 basically which is

She is the frill of the net, she is 137 years old and weight

can also be added, so for this we

will be here as support SIM, rest of Jyoti Jyoti will be

returned, we

will just keep it with you and will get the use of script.

So we don't know what is her name.  If it is then we will

put a star after MB so that

basically it will get all the strips related to it from the net and whatever

script it has

and here we press cigarette

or you can see basically which one

you have used, whose name is this address.  It will fall

and distant, use this

through which whatever

network's name is printed on the ink or matter in the table,

it means that network

generation is possible here, exploit it,

friends, I will not tell you how to

secure it.  Basically the support has to be

folded and secured which

we will see how we can do this. If the item is

not being used after doing this photo then it would

be best to disable it. The

service network is on the top and the

service network should be switched off.  Stop and

apart from this, I will also tell you some things about how we

can secure it. So friends, this was our today

's tension where we saw

what is network generation and

how can we remove it. I have seen two ways,

through end map they can

Urmila must have

liked this video and see you tomorrow

with another new video. Till then

friends, if you have not subscribed

then please subscribe. Thank you

[appreciation]

A

[Music]

That A











Hello Hello friends, how are you all? Welcome

with the script. Ashish Kumar. Today I have

brought a video for you. Snmp

Animation How to Animal Aids Patient MP.

What is Simple Network Management Photo? Let me

tell you some good things about it. Friends, let

me tell you once such MP.  Basically, it is a

protocol about which no

network administrator is

able to understand completely, which is difficult for the network administrator to learn.

Who is the network limited and

secures it by changing its condition, then it is

a bit difficult for him to understand such MP.

That's why this LMB is not always welcome feed

i.e. there is misconfiguration in it,

so let's see

how we can do such MP animation by using this configuration. Let's

start our video.

We will turn on our black machine. Here

we have Windows  Dishoom after turning on the machine,

first of all open the windows which is our apk 1218 that

we will scan the adverb and

see which charts are open in it.

Our terminal opens

here Sushil here the dough

is opened now we will  We will give the village from Dhoop Mission and

here we would like to do

Pan of Snow on our video machine and this is

our SMTP, it works on 161 point,

so we will directly scan the polls of the

village, we have

started the scan here on airport 161

panm.  We can see that here it is

showing us the SMTP close, so whatever

recent report is shown here, let us check

whether our Windows XP is the

same, then it is working perfectly,

hit them on this, Jasbir Kaur.  The

support of SEBI is 161 and we are

showing it here, but what will we do

here, we will do Bigg Boss script like this, we will

see what is the result. Okay,

even then the support of this LMB is being

shown here.  So what will we do now, now we do

not use the basic packet which is A

Sanam MP3,

it will also check whether such MP3 is available or

not and if it is on, then Shirdi

can show all the details or medium

in all the details.  Here you just have to

write a check from time to time, your permission is accepted, you have to mention

waiting, enter,

here we are trying to connect to this and have

entered this by default ID password

with the help of which we will login and we will here  You

can see here that it worked very well by

exploding that cigarette, you

can see here we have the side

details of the animation that went a fraction of the remaining

gave very good information like see this

here we have hosh typing name  User

accounts,

which network interfaces should be used on this network, know

which one is used and its MAC address, the

mission is very good, I have got the lighting

information, the

list of TCP connections is complete,

service job is running, those sarees are

here.  But you can see all the applications that are

installed, all the applications are also

stored here, it is

telling great stories, the information is very good, the

mission has come to me, it is here,

it is also telling the information of all the devices,

in the end, which is our  It is Windows XP and

whatever office is telling their weight also, so

friends, this amazing MP

gives very good commission in admission and I got the

admission through test because of my son, he got

access to many things in this system.

We will see in that topic, how

can we do that, for today, that's all in the

morning, Sunidhi, you will like today's video

in which you can get a lot of good information through admiration

and such champion

impressions can help us some more in the

company tax of the system.  For what you will

see in our test session, till then

always stay connected. If you have

not subscribed the channel yet, friends, then do it

quickly. See you tomorrow with another new

video. Thank you

[Music].

that a









Hello Hello friends, how are you all, welcome

to the best, Na Shiv Kumar, today I have

brought a video for you guys, in which we will

see how we can direct SMTP,

how to animal SMTP, so let's

start our today's video social.

Take your time and open the mission,

start it from here, make

sure that it is on, let's

do the quantity behind it, as

we have been doing till now, so let's

scan the first one.  We will see

which ports are open in it, how to see,

basically just take the vote in the Android app and scan only the proposal and

here it will scan and

do the SP so that I get the version in

which the TCPO committee will scan

so that and from the vote to the system portal.  But as

many pores are open, their birth celebration

can be this vegetable, Soumya will enter and then

wait for the nutrition opened here, I have put

them under service,

see this assistant is SMTP and

discusses about it, till then basically

SMTP  What is transfer protocol in simple

i.e. it helps in meeting so

whatever tow user

name to mean what work that I work on it to

remove for them it works

now what can we do we can  You can also add

this, this is necessary for that first of all,

no, after that I remind you about the misconfiguration, otherwise

here I have reset it and can see silently that

we are seeing any service on many portions

here.  We are interested in this, we

can see that SMTP is under 4.5

and this is 2017 and basically we have to check the limit increase

which is very easy, friends, it is

very easy, we will use it in this,

what is net net, this is basically one such

package, one such  There is a tool which is going to be quite a lot first,

it basically

has powdered data on any IP and any post, it

can talk to it, i.e.

tries to connect, i.e. it can connect

to any network from any network, i.e., pack sharing, power

steering, i.e.  It connects to any network and

tries to establish communication with it. It is

very easy to use, so

here we will write 'Net Dad, it appeared in the newspaper in the voice

of protest over' and

after that we will put our 'I' 120 808

WhatsApp 30 victims of IPL.  I have put that

thank you that we know that 2520 is running

so we have to write 1/2 inch Jyoti here

and enter it and here we

can see that it has connected to SMTP and

is said to be open and connected.  If I

write a program or write something which is

in SMTP use, then I

will see a well here like but this argument of Bloody Mary is

not there, if we keep this only then you

can see that it is asking for its address

i.e. the command is valid if we want.  We have to

see which of these soils

can be followed further, we

can search and see, we

can also give related information through butter map,

how to get that, we close it here

and because  We know that you have the

profession of SMTP, so we will mention date

PM and support here, which is our

25% open on this, we will do prevention, so and

after that, we

will take such a portion here which is basically whatever is there

for SMTP.  It is ready and here

we will test it, we will press enter and

basically the work of scripting will be done

automatically and here we can see

that the famous TV command of SMTP this letter job information

is also noisy from time to time, so the

less it is  Today you can see that

basically Senti is also following this. This is

absolutely for us, so here we

can use any command, let's use lite, let's

see what happens if we add it, then we

will take back our old command, updation of net.

VIPs are in the court and here those who

disbelieve our CTR will see that

tomorrow morning here you are asking for money from us.

Whatever you put in for 2 minutes will tell you that

it is an investment. Basically if you report this

then you will get it. This should not be in the system. It

should be removed.  To do this,

how can we do today's topic as it is said in this video that thank

you for watching this video friends, if you have

subscribed to our channel till now then do subscribe,

you will see time to time in the upcoming new videos.

Another video with a

[music]

that has

happened










Hello Hello Sir Yes, so how are you all, I

Ashish Kumar have brought a video for you today

on the animation of network file system, that is, how can we try network system

animation,

how can we do animation on address, so let's start

today.  Our video of Subhash, let's

go to our empty machine, Sukali machine,

we have started it, as we follow the

animation of putting the whole purse, we have

JPC of our table, which we

went to the metro track,

how was the iPhone giving commands again to that IT.  You are scanning for, seeing

which ports are open,

tips, whatever tricks can be used to network at any time, by

animating them, they have information, so

now we add file system is not need for speed,

it means network system,

what is this?  Basically, when we share a file

in the local area network around us,

so that anyone can access it, it gets

addressed, now if we

can share the side effects of someone's system through any address protocol, then it can be seen as one

daughter animation.  They will say,

how can we do this forever and how

can we do these questions more, we will

see this problem, friends and money, it is basically

run through RPC point service

i.e. ABS's file system, it will

work on any computer or airport.  If the

metro will run, then both of these services are available

at Rs. 1000, so let's see, if the

system is subscribed,

111 is open inside it and that too, we are subscribed and

on the report of any other information that it has started, we will mention 111.  We will

take the apk file and

use the unskilled function because we do not

know in which institute of the network system we will

give the manifest request, that is, all the

scripts and tables from the network system,

we will press enter here, then you

can see.  I am in front and broken, there are a lot of

files, so here in the output, basically

skip NFC and do your work and whatever

file system is available here,

you can see the permissions of End Fast Mission,

all of them have the permissions, that is, we  There is

no need to change the user group,

we do not need to be an administration witch,

because you have permission to

access our manifesto, forgive us,

how can we do this, we understand that

mileage is important here, first Roma got up and entered

us.  It is telling that basically this

star means all the things which are

knotted, if all these fruits were not

visible and we would have seen then only home would have been

written here i.e. it is white open, there

are stars here, anything can come here.  You can

come here also, you can come here, you can come here,

so that's great, now you can free us from our work.

If the show mount

is not happening then you can comment on it for that.

So Mom Dad Peeth

Ki Baingan Aapke Peech Up Enter.  Do village,

its location is whatever ₹5 is kept in the face,

it will be given to you. Now our work is to

connect it or not, to connect, we

will basically use command. Mountain Tasty

address is our IT end here, just Vikas,

any one, all of them.  Dead don't or won't

write anything, if we write home then that is the button by commenting to us,

no degree will be revealed to

them, all the details are available on the system on the network

and here we have

found the data on which to mount, our

duty is to connect to the system.  Find

that diet and a folder named Clear Time Point.

Your tests

will be conducted like this. So, we have to create this photo.

Basically here, straight stitch stamp is half

lined with time.

If we try then the folder named my tight will

not come to you.  If it is there then

you have to write MKD or is it

my tab enter but it will be standing

whose name was stone, try using it,

I also have a folder named test, you

guys will also be making noise, so let's go back

to our first window and here  But our

command is complete, we just have to press one hour button,

they enter it and

here basically nothing came in the output,

it means that the connection has been established,

so after seeing this, what should we put

CEA ads

under there?

Hey,

there is a folder named press, seedhi

test,

jhalar send, you can see here that all the

file systems, whatever 530, where

our net speed is on the machine, all of them

are starting here, we confirm this.

Basically let's go home diet two

that Anushka is the admin inside the table which was the name of our user

and here there is a folder named after the characters,

so let's check this meat and fish market,

is it a holder or not, it is made

in Amazon.  We will add it here,

enter and you can see that there is a folder of 199 here,

so great, that means it is connected,

now what can we do, friends

Vikas, all the permissions are here, we

can do anything, we are connected to the profession

here.  You can support it, you can change the side, you can

delete it, you can rename it

and you can also create it, if you are interested then you will

write for us, remember for us, we

create a folder named 'contest' with force,

so you can see it here.  The shoulder named test

shows here, but this shoulder

pea mushroom is created, so let's see the

alarm that we will write,

you can see a pane, there

are two folders named test here, this has been leaked,

all the information is available here.  And

what can we do, if I remove the shoulder from here,

people will remember the remove director that was started,

first enter the APS Pt from here, let's

see the test from there,

through the control diet, so whatever your

question is, you will get it.  The show will start, if

you are not able to see it then you can press 'end' from the controller. If you try it, then

here the test has been done in the folder form for you, then from

time to time,

change any file in the partner permissions network system.  You

can do this by executing a lot of permissions,

all these

are available in the mission campaign and this can only be possible

through the address animation, the animation

is quite small but we are quite good, Mukti

helps us a lot,

supervisor in the forest in reverse smell.  Where

we have seen that we have added how the

network works, it is a file system, there is no need for speed,

and here through the network,

how we can connect to any Wi-Fi, do calibration,

access any file, make

changes in it.  Hope now

friend, you must have liked today's video

and if you have not subscribed the channel yet, then do it

now,

we have brought such good videos for you, we do not want you to miss any video,

see you with another video, thank you.  it has

happened, it has happened,

do it, do it,

do it









Hello hello tell me how are you all welcome to blessed to

tag Ashish Kumar today I have

brought a video for you guys where

we will learn how to debit i.e. how

can we debit what is our business dominates

animation in that basically we will see that June

transfer  How can this be done? This is a very

easy task. Let's

start celebrating. Let's watch our video

how we can perform DNA synthesis.

We will use it for SODA admission.

Basics of designer and BSNL are very

easy and if you enter then  Here first of all let

me tell you that I must

subscribe

beam sex told that there

will be no June transfer teachers so

don't do contra work here. If you have to do

any romantic

transfer test in any system then you just have to  You have to

write the name of the channel in the bowl and

this scan finger will tell you whether there is any

increase in spoon transfer there or not. You

can see here without any hesitation and spread it.

Type this so that along with this

all this also takes out 2 minutes.  If I can and Gauri

can extract it in the function, then

I will show it to you by extracting many such submissions from blog.com and many such submissions, so let's

see what 22% shows,

how much it gives by using it for ₹ 500, in

this here  But we had got the design, you

can see its profit, take it out from here,

June comes, I had refused the transfer,

after that it has been taken out in a few words

and here you can find it, this

was the part of our DNA synthesis in Basic in which

DNA  While giving information through sample tool, it gets

printed. I have done admission test through it.

So friends, I hope you liked this

video. If you like this video, then

go and subscribe now,

like and share and see you for another

one.  Video with Thank You

[Praise] [

Music] hua

ki a kar

do








Hello Hello friends, so how are you all,

welcome to the best, Ashish Kumar, today

in the video for us and Navami,

what happens if you go blindly and today Mian

learner Ashram, here we are going to learn a total of five things,

what is 120 assessment

classification of  Positive Speaking Daughter

Assessment Life Cycle One Ability Assessment Pollution

and British Scoring System So today

your first topic that we will learn from here

is what is one, what is 100% in a race?

So friends, basically

what is 100% when we are scanning a system.

We are looking for some or the other flaw in his I Love You All put, due to

this flaw the

recovery system may be affected, there may be

damage to the system, there may be

no details, so we call it that

I BT.  All the information

we gathered for assessment, through scanning, scanning the

network, information gathering through animation in the morning,

if there is any loop hole in all the information, if there is any

deficiency, then how will we make it BT assessment

or news, to remove the deficiency, we will reduce the famous

BTS.  So here are some points

through which Avanti test can be understood

systematically, what has to be done to achieve this systematic method i.e.

100%,

first of all information gathering has to be done,

footprinting is mostly this,

after that we do not have to do the network.

After that we have to do animation witch we

come in the process of note sp in which some more

questions have to be followed

so it is a systematic process

absolutely correct reviews security Venus

i.e. what are you doing miss world test was done

basically we  Here also there

was lack of security, those businesses were looking for those points, looking for

those boxes, okay, special

insecurity lover and as soon as we

find that or that lack or tissue in that security,

anything is found, any

misconfiguration, any album.  If you are getting it then

how much can be affected by it or by that misconfiguration or by that time and

giving it a level on the system i.e. how

dangerous it can be or how normal it is,

then providing it 11:00 is

your son's sweater process.  Hey

friends, let's talk about the next point.

Next we have the classification of flowers, we can say the classification of

Amethi, we can say the classification of Amethi,

how many ways of growth can we get, so let us

see the first one is misconfiguration, which

we have explained earlier also, what is misconfiguration,

it is also seen in the system when someone  The thing is

saved by default, its settings are the same as

before, the volume is still set,

due to this it is forced to become a system, so

we will do it after getting it i.e. the

settings shown are not properly set,

its settings are like this.  If it is not set, it remains

secure, then that condition is

village misconfiguration second, we have deposit information

i.e. by default, whatever is in

stock there, many times it is

British, i.e. if medical shop is installed,

then it can be 100, then by default, something.

Similarly, you can't keep it direct and

we should install the menu from the passengers, we should

start on what is needed,

then the body also gets British in the installation,

Angry Birds and proof, that is, if we

do not have proper validations in the data.  Only

this much number of packs should go at one go, if more

packs go than this then we have to keep it folded,

what is the process to be done, only so many

packs can go through one system at a go, if today

we do not follow the validations properly, then

if the system does not have  If you are getting more data than its limit,

then there will be other fruit

systems which will also help, so here we have to

change the validation proper side,

so basically, if a system is

getting more data than its capacity, then to listen to the money, then

that  After that I will come to the bathroom, I will go to the

illiterate service i.e. all those times where

if 120 had been issued or if there was any shortage or any

urgent was being done and he had not yet appeared, that means the

security he had till now has

not been released or ever.  If

security is not implemented

then it is called difference. We have

design flaw, that is, when we are

making software and have application in it. If we are

making any thing while making it,

if any floor is missing in it

then  This is called design slog over. Suppose

if you design a system and you

design this website

and you have left some flaw in that website, you have

not installed any validator

or you have left any flaw or you have made some mistake.

Exact dates are not given, she is getting sexual

then those arrow deficiencies are made after the design, it is

called design frock suit

that she comes to us and

about the trading system project in her time

of operation plot, she is the

weight of the close mixing point system.  It happens that is, if

we do not keep the update system updated on the portal,

then the basic thing is that

in the old version, there must have been some 120 reports,

some 120 must have been discontinued, which will be

available even today in the same version,

after that its house.  When the packet was taken out, it is the new version,

it was done, so if our princess

end is not updated then those who come out from it will

be successful, after that is the meat, open

service, what is open service, basically it

is our passports which are being turned on by the services,

so if  This service print pattern

karun is open and there is any

misconfiguration of post. Any other thinking

can use this service. We have system that without any

validation without any fritters.

In that case there are open service classes,

after that comes to us the application.

From i.e. you have created a website, there are

many ways in the website, text

can also reach the music system, lights S2

question is cultural, all these

processes are done at the application level,

after that we have to

pass the depot, which is the same as misconfiguration.

Deposit password i.e. whatever

software we have installed, whatever device we have, whatever is

enabled, if we keep its password by

default, it is very important,

then that password is easily accessible, easily

gas can be accessed, so in that case

our system.  If it becomes too much and weak then the

next reference comes to us otherwise Pretty

Assessment Life Cycle i.e. what is the

life cycle of the son we assess? Is it the

three step by step process of the life cycle? Following

any judgment,

they come back to the same place.  It is

called Better Life 192 Test

Says Against It is understood that

our first task is to create the base line

dating website, what we have done till now is

information gathering, body animation,

network scanning, so this is what we have created the base line,

we have got the proper data.

Recorded it, it had all the things in it, I have

seen them, subscribed to the channel,

after doing this, we found 180 nickels in it, we

saw that it was software downloading,

it was an old weight, 150 in weight or

whatever is here, this thing is happening as before.

When we do remedies for many things, you have

seen that there are many different types

of British in it, so we got them

assessed, searched for wheat and other British and

then edited them,

what difference can it make, risk assessment

i.e. if access  If it is normal relative then it will

not make much difference to you, then in this way we

see that one hey, is this

information given to no one, it can cause huge loss, we

can disconnect this data or

transfer the data from the database.  If the system can be

transferred from one place to another or the governance of the system can give access, then we have to see

how much damage can be done to a system due to that deficiency,

what is its level, can it completely ignore the deficiencies of the normal system?

Or it should

not be ignored, then

after its replacement, we saw that

basically the deficiency of Remediation Family Singh has been

found, now that deficiency should be removed,

Tamil Nadu Clock should be removed, the emphasis should be removed,

after removing it, we will be able to

get the process.  Verification i.e. has the work done by us been done

perfectly, i.e. now let

us check whether the processes we have removed are in

reality, if they work properly,

then we have verified it. After verification,

our job is to monitor that we  Have you

removed the lunch box? Is there any

misbehavior happening in it, that is, are the voice

systems not backing up? Should we make

changes to the guava to remove it? Should we

change the verification questions and is

there any misbehavior happening in it?  To

monitor or if there is no return on it, there is no one

else, if they are

not getting the British, then

monitor it, we will continuously follow these processes, while

doing Martin, if we get

any side through send line, then we will join you

in this.  We will do soil assessment in the same way

our life cycle continues to go on

so that this system is properly

secure, after that friends come to us

otherwise pretty assessment solutions i.e.

what are the solutions, it is very easy, front

understand, leg and reference.  Inside this we

will see that first of all,

what we did in this note is that we basically

scanned the system, found out the fennel, found out the open pores,

then we did all these things in the location

i.e. this is only one link, we

linked it to Jersey dengue.  Relating all those things first,

after landing we saw

what service is running inside them i.e.

Jogging is the service inside them for example manja is

122 so what is running there and indicator

is its version it is 111 so that  But

what is running, what is its weight, which

service is running, so we discovered all these things

here.

After discovering the functions, we saw the test service porn and

details, that is, after that we tested that

hey, we did this with some normal soil.  Are

these services within the British India open pores

or not and this is the process of

doing them with the solution of our person in which

we

told the last findings in competition from

that the CM has deposited and see

how we had found it.  How

can it be solved, which we call basically proper body

report in which POC is put,

then this is basically the solution of proper made basement,

you generate that time,

after that record it and tell them

how we generated it and

Solved it, what are its recommendations,

what difference can it make to the system and

how can it be improved? So friends, we do all this.

When we submit a job,

it is very important for us to know

what is the level of our fabric.  Is he at par

level or is he releasing the information normally

or without getting it then it is

very important to find out his level,

which we can find out

through double the amount, first of all the weight which is going on.  That was

one to two, its rating has been changed here, basically

whatever is from 0.0 to 3.3, it

comes in medium, 410 goes up to 6 points and

in high it

gets cooked from the service center. This was basically our TVS

version 2.0 after that.  The new version which

I am telling only what is the soil scoring,

such BWS weight, you can go to the Chinese double S and easily

see the auditor inside the British and British,

what all is coming in which lover, so here you can  You

can see that there is no 120 in zero,

from zero one to 3 inches is low, from

four to 6.9, that is medium to high,

from seven to 8.80 of soil which

is a very high vision, while from 90 to time

pt.  Till now, this is basically the bag which we have got,

otherwise we have got this system. You

can basically get all the information by going to Seveus. Whatever are these onerous duties,

which soil's scoring system is it coming in?

Surprise ji, that was my lesson.  Where

we saw what is a basement, what is its

life cycle, how does it work,

one week, what happens in most parts,

hope you liked this video,

if you have not subscribed yet,

friends, do it now, see you.

Tomorrow is a day of

thanksgiving with people.











Hello Hello friends, how are you all, welcome to

bless you, I am Ashish Kumar, today I have

brought a video for you, otherwise

daughter Anushka, that is, we

followed all the processes, we did information gathering, we did

network within it, we did Shankara, so all these

processes.  Follow this incident

missions, we have gathered inside it, we have to

see whether there is any 118 or not. Let's

start our video from this. We

will open our machine, which

was basically on the terminal in the black machine, which we used

earlier on Network10.  We had not done it there, we have been

running the service on Open for All,

so the first thing we will do is

import the solution which we

can see by doing our test scan contest

email. You can watch the video of our network stand

here.  By scanning the network and

through adaptive which was told from the movies which is

exempt, later in the section to

collect the passbook, this is the straight line, this is the

vote assistant HTML file, you

can see here, we will basically read this file

and see here 51  It

is British which has open ports,

what is there in it apart from the admission from 120,

listen, if you write Pavana, if you enter then

here it will be 5 and you can see that it has

become open here, this machine was done,

so here this is the rule of the post.  Where

we have their number, their status and if you

subscribe to their and their channel, then

here you can see

what was going on on 111 and

here when you click on the subscribe button,

then you will comment.

Here, the idiots who will go inside the mouth with the

turtle are maintained by the Product Officer 2017

and here

if any report is

released, then all those things

can be found, that is why you can see it.  If you

can see this and subscribe,

then you will search here, who will

see it first in the report, open subscribe here,

Surya has got many things by paying money,

so it depends on whether you can open

or not and read here.  Related to religious

office remote access which is basically you guys are

watching and looking very happy so

this is the place here all the latest

latest version 2.0 2.0 you can subscribe here

like here it means that it

is not  If you want more then here I

may have subscribed to this channel

through which we can get porn here

so this is

Mukesh's oil and it is his programming

okay great surprise by downloading the higher level

or we in a plate  If you ca

n't subscribe by searching the speed and folding its option by the director,

then let's see in the next video which

is a year old, like this,

who are these Jitne Bhi, okay, so this is

where we are and  Anyone want that maybe

and start and here is

good really

I just propose or in school also you

can see that it is quite necessary through Twitter that

that used can be used so this is

whatever weight of ours  If you like this, you

can do good good good good work,

you can search your things,

apart from this you have the mission here in the form of two

and here the message that we will write

subscribe to that

without space, after subscribing,

we will here.  But if you

want to see anything further, then I will post a post here

and you can see, you can subscribe here, you can

subscribe, anyone

can use it, which is very much in this process, so

now let's do it and you can like this  You

can check by doing this, their way of working is

that all the

services and pores that are not coming, they are

closed, it is our basic hour to

stay away from these things or else there is

no  Some of you will see that if we do

not subscribe to that side then we can use it also which helps in that.

According to this we will go here and write

safe enter enter, so

here we have tasting dorm

cold drink hottest then we will

write busy why technology dot.

comments1 Will do that since we

go to the center on the laptop, here you will

see

that when the toxins are in the top ten, it definitely

follows the screen and gives very good performance in a

very good way which the

proper spider-man of the side does.  Dayan

scans it and every registered tax return will be gifted here,

he tries to activate the data,

then message here, the score

was scored, so here first of all our work is

which government has asked for updates and

updates and do it.  So

according to this,

we add plus, so now we have to do which one, so

first of all we will write this plus to the army,

click on it, add each one

and activist and add extend,

as you add, you will get  Here this

settings option will come which is of course its

policy manager who can change its policy,

then click on it

that its policy is in force here,

in the lift policy you will see that the policy will modify its lift

and judge some permissions.  I am

dating, so here I can

use as many labels as I want, if you do not have permission,

if you have permission and

subscribe, then you can see here

that it is ok, you can subscribe

now.  We give it OK, it saves the

policy with the features, it has become soft, now we have to

give the name of our administrator which will be

given in the auto meter, so

here I have given the name of the administrator,

now we just have to click on attack.  As soon as you

click on Continue,

what will this boxing do? First of all, it

will cache as many Eurozones as it can, that is,

spider-man will do whatever it is,

as much as it can fit in its Eurozone,

which can take as many requests as the parameters.

Put all the first ones or after taking them only and it is here near the

active stand near our gents parlor on

which send a text message,

work on the request according to such spider and

send it near the cycle stand, it is quite close to

you here.  By clicking on this graph, you

can see how many attacks have been tested,

how many tests are being conducted or

which tests are being conducted. It is basic for India that

whatever number of viewers were received, then perhaps

all the attestations started on that because of this.  Very

small IT is doing fast process.

Hmm, just to get a demo of it, how

will it work till the time the baby uses it and

how many ways it interacts in 2 minutes,

so we just have to change the policy a little,

no?  If you give a mural then the bird

will do the testing

and at the same time we have given *feeling*

which basically scans the website of the web application

very well and how it

can be used, how good its output

is,

so here you can see.  You can get

three alerts inside the backstreet browsing alert

means there will be some increase or the other if there is then if it is

orange then like you can see and this is this this is

also that so this information here

allows the flag mission to be completed

tomorrow morning where  I scan has been completed

automatically, which is different, it has been

generated here, now we see that it has been

generated separately from our daughter and we are able to see

what diet we browsed that we will first

mix it well, we

click here.  Now we will

paste the end here so that we

can provide the facility and development

because the talk about this shortcoming is wrong, it is the same fixed

browsing shortcoming that when we click through the camera,

then we can also put the side here

which does not mean that  I can do it

and if you subscribe and

subscribe, subscribe, for

permission,

subscribe this channel of ours,

some intoxication and here we will go to download

that Sushila worm is free weight, we will

download it, at this time, register with us here.  Was told

to register that

email is there, if you do not want to give yours, use it in

less time,

in that case which basically makes you cantilever,

then you will get to waste time

which we can now enter.  And here you will

get this boxed verification, so if you

keep doing something, then here I will put it,

check it, start it,

I have sent the forced activation code here,

it is ready, here I

will put the activation code that here.

What should I do if I give you the option, then basically you should

subscribe, if

you subscribe, then you will do it thoughtfully, then the download available here

is someone's complete,

we will take it on the terminal, we will return, we will get

all the things soaked in the download folder,

Madam, I used this.  This

is wrong, if we look a little differently, here we

can see that to

start Dimple Yadav and Dimple, we

go to the command, one and a half and a half inches, here we can

select

this supreme where the music list

is felt.  Now we have installed the diet to

store it, here I told that to

print the message, we

can go to the hair, if you shift with control,

we will reach the future but

here we can see it has not started.

So what will have to be done for that,

I will have to write here service feel

start or feel will have to enter.

Back to chapter minute cement. As

I can see, Salman has to run

mortal all. To start this

we copy this.  We will do it, we will present it here, when

Inter Mentorship Saver will start,

then you go to this group and

read it, like we protest, so

here I am asking for permission,

we will follow it

and here is what we feel.  It has

started, now directly the work of updating your database

will work completely, that is, you can use Anshu through Winters,

which we have done till now, we will

install all the applications and the

station will take some time but the installation will

be completed.  After this, we

can search our skin, then click on the porn here,

we will enter the details, we will skip the

email address which had taken the time permission,

as if we have

received the activation code from the East in the near time.  Will turn

on plain mode, here is the

activation code stored, paste it,

copy it from the control,

remove the paste right inside, now let's press back,

anonymous user name, if you are

downloading it here with user name and password.  By

installing here and

here, people like this start you,

so by doing this here, by subscribing,

click on this subscribe button and by

asking us, here you can see

that you have to  Tiger,

we do all this here, if you

do basic network 10 or

subscribe, then here I have mentioned the

folder in the description, if you forgive the target, then

here basically whatever we have to tell in IPL-2,

then there is a lot of information here.  Let's take 2 minutes from here,

so here we have

told what is the target and

save it for coming. If I make

some settings here, then I can see the

assessment discovery inside this. If any

cutting has to be done.  To subscribe, you

can do this, you can do this, you can

scan it here, you can

launch it from Play Store, you can

subscribe, then the scan has started here,

if your children don't start, okay, then

here.  Whatever you can see here,

subscribe, and

here we launch back,

click on OK, so here

basically the scan has started, so I

was on our skin here, it is completed,

subscribe here.  If you have been appointed on then

subscribe then subscribe subscribe

us here subscribe

now you can see here here you

can change in which country if

you want to

change two schedules and change network uninterrupted

then discover on  You can change

like post how to do and then convert customs in which you will

feel yourself

here is the package we

can select after that we have after discover

assessment assessment we

can select I how to scan we want  You can

comment completely, in this every category has

British system which is normally found, it will be

all British test, some such pictures are

found in the system, if we make it

complex, customize and

set it as per our requirement, here is the way to do it.

But how to scan

Subscribe Subscribe If you like and

subscribe then you

can see it here I have got a

question about some information related to DNA

Chapter Now you can wish Zameer from the port Subscribe If you

like the video

then subscribe the page.  If you

can watch the video, there is an

interesting topic system for you guys, if you have

not subscribed till then, please

subscribe. Thank you [

praise] [

music]

[music]

ki a

ki a









Hello Hello friends, so how are you all,

welcome to the best, Ashish Kumar, today I have

brought a video for you where

we will see what is the system,

what is the system, so let us see today

what all the students are learning.  Today we are going to

learn two things, friends, what is this

system, hacking and system, that is,

friends, this is the system, how does it work

and what is the system, so let's

move towards the first topic, which is what is this

system, that is this.  What is true to

understand the system acting? Let's

take a look at the problem with it. We will

try to understand the system acting. Here are

some points like compromise and system.

A system has to be compromised. There is a

system office inside which there is end gain

access i.e.  What is the system? Beans at this time.

Any system in laptop or

computer system is

called information system. It is to be taken and kept

forever through subscription.

If you have taken it, then remove your mission

and go to my account.  Forever i.e. if

I connect the application to the system, then

compromise the system and

keep it inside the system and this is a proper system for all my people, if they

subscribe to the system,

then let's see, this

is our system, it's chatting forever.  Don't say sir, that

means what is the system, how to do the work

or the work has been done and how to work, there are

all these elements to understand here which

was the footprinting where we

did it on the information day, we saw the metro scanning watch

open post and then we  Open Pores Chandra Kiss

Some Photos Anu Malik Shankara & Hans

No Media Nodes Also

After doing all this information war, we came to know

where and what are the

shortcomings in the system of the dance system. As soon as we came to know the things, the

process of dance system was cut down.  So

here's what we did. We first

used the

information to get the password. We got to know a lot about God.

We took a lot of information from his system through animation. He

could have also taken his password file.

What we did there, we attracted the use password,

so first our job is to

click on the pass which is her

lover so that whatever is stored in the computer of 500 juice

click on all of you then

what is escalating ways pages

i.e. if  If a

person has any authority, then it is very easy to

give it to someone else, we call it

comment, as we do in our computer,

if you are an admitted user, then you can

execute everyone, you can burn butt

gas.  If we cannot do all other work, then if

we give this administrative permission to the guest teacher,

then from that process we will

register on the escalators i.e. transfer the pressure from one

place to another for this, then

we are doing this front splitting mail messages

i.e. this year.  What kind of humble

guest teacher is this? By commenting in the system,

we will take his authority, all his rights

or not, we can run any file, we

can do anything, the place could have gone to waste

after making a wish on editing, friend, this is what

we have.  If we are right, then we will

do the application Raj Yoga, we will execute our payload on the virus in whatever way

we want,

so that the actor that has

been generated, so that the correction is made between the systems of both of us,

it remains lifelong, to

make this lifetime connection.  If we

install our application in his computer

then we will talk,

after this we will hide it i.e.

if I have stored my file in your system,

then what will you do? You will

find that file and remove it, then my job is to hide

that file.  If you get Nehru Nagar, then I will

not give you permission here, that is, I will

allow the permission to be created. If you format it and

do something like that, then how will I care

that my file is

being put somewhere in some such diet middle head.  Do

not record every format completely. If you

format the computer, then you are the thing, there is a button.

If I put any order in solution,

then keeping many things in mind,

we will heighten our applications.

After heighting, friend

last.  From the perspective of the topic bus stand system, it is that the

contract means that

you entered a system, you linked the

exploiting pages, you

started the file, also sided it,

it will record all the steps,

so what will we do friends?

Basically, we will do low courier, if it is something

like this, if you come into this system

and I see all your things,

what work you have done, what stock you

have, then what kind of system you have,

that once I go to this point,  It is free that

Aamir knows that you have taken the first step and the

second one can also be arranged according to the knowledge in this capsule.

Okay, so the last

and most important thing is to

remove your tracks i.e.

from your footprint, where and where did you step.  It

is like removing all the things, it

is like a crime case, we have to remove all the taxes also,

even though it is our birthday from tomorrow, you are

saving someone, do it after permission, but

it is important to understand all these things,

how sister tigers also work.  If they

do all these things then I should know

what to do so that these things can be avoided which

I will tell you in videos more

practical how this process of these utensils

happens but you follow the guidelines of

Mishra will Swarajya  Today's

video was mine, you must have liked this video, let's

see some more new videos

and interesting videos along with its

practical tutorial, I have thought of bringing

some good things for you, red, practical

but also follow us on YouTube Lite.  I will have to

bring videos, I will try my best and

see what I can bring for

you guys. Till then,

if you have not subscribed yet,

please subscribe. See you

with another new video, thank you.  make it

two









Hello Hello Suresh, so how are you all, welcome

to drops cute, I Ashish Kumar, today I have

brought a video for you all, where

we will see how we can

update the lines in a system, prevent it,

then you can enter this video by watching the

relation.  So, let's start

our

video

Prince, we have black pepper in the voucher box,

which will turn our on here.  But please

send the procedure, keep in mind that I will

follow along with you, either here as

we will start the black machine, we will

go here, type this and

press this here,

then you can see that this is an editable quintal.

It has started, so here I am going to

make some changes or what changes do we have to do,

we will put it, we will join it here,

so let's go here, we will fry this line of

their emotions, where the

locations of the planets have been given, then you  You can see the line

here, what is the messaging here?

Basically, first of all, instead of the allegation, we have to

write RW here, OK norway1, we have to

delete it,

we will give a place son, at

this time we will just keep RWA and

after that RWA.  Just later,

we will write here and after that we will

write here, street play, you

can see all this, in the same order, after NATO forces,

here we will write 'In Requested Yes Bank'.

Friends, we will write this correctly here and

save it.  We will write the control act

so that from the golden side you can see

this black machine here, this dat, so come

on, something different is going to happen here, in front of us

is the login pistachio stored here where the

admission ID password is entered, not the

director.  The terminal in front of us will

open from where we can make changes accordingly, we can

enter the administrator account, so

here you can see,

on the first side you can see, here I am

also able to access the profile system, I can

get angry now.  You can see from both of them

that what I had sent earlier here has been deleted,

I am without ID, password which is admin, I am

logged in here and what I can do is,

I can create an account, I

can give permission to it, I can change the password on it.  I

can do it because here you can see the form,

here it is of history, so here

friends, we took Kali

is just predestination, performed it, take out

its escape images, which is

not able to enter the winner of Dainik Bhaskar

i.e. the landscape which is the administrator, its

authority.

But we have

taken it here and it is a very easy process.

Now we can do this in any launch

system of planets. Basically, we

had to write RW in place of charge n, which is later in

these.  There is a person from our terminal who used to

give us money there, so we are definitely here, the

terminal we have is open, it is amazing, we have

got it from here, we can definitely try it,

if I want you to go then

go there in the loser.  So

you can see that we have complete access,

we cannot share it with other users, so

here we have

taken the admit permission in the planets, now

what else can we do for Windows, similar  You

can also follow the middle process but I will

tell you one more good thing. I will tell you one very good thing

that we

can do system complexities in Windows to anyone. Let's do

this through a normal pen drive. Let's

see how. Listen to the message Cancer.  As soon as the

reboot happens, it will be fine, so here if

you tell me your settings, it is

not your need, basically what we are now is

our Windows operating system,

subscribe to it, let's see how we will do it,

first of all, what you have to do is you will

put it here, then

yes.

What I detail here is that it has been downloaded,

now we will start it, double click, it will start

here

with administrator permission and basically what we have to

do is what we have to wear, we have to

plug it in here, Andrew Strauss,

before separating.  Here I am Yusuf, you

select, we will set it there, want to

mute it, Android

operating system, if you want to prove it, then you

can use it online, you can also use it, Ubuntu

right, you can take any biscuit, make it red

and here we are here.  Let's take Ubuntu. Okay, so

open the basic here or

now I will tell you a very good thing

and after this see, you

can select here, if you click here,

then

Mercury will be set inside Chanakya here.

We will not make any changes in the settings, we will

start it directly

tomorrow morning, whatever pen drive is there,

its skin aging, partition delegation,

all that has started, so what

I have said earlier also, student, this is basically the

meeting has started.  You can see

here that the teams operating system is getting

started here, so here we

hit the complete process and as soon as it is

completed, our pancake will be

converted into a desktop panel,

after that we just have to put it in this  It has to be installed in the system

and extended. As soon as we vote through this line,

our details are the operating system,

it will start. Students, as soon as

our NDA, its bootable, is

trained to boot, then we will

put 15 in our system and it will start.  We

will

look at the body of a friend from the village

and restart the computer,

our videos go there,

enter the thyroid password to log in with it, then we are able to log in.

If it is our size, we

cannot feel the videos.  But here we will

press add so that our bootable

pendrive is opened here in the employment reference route,

you are seeing that

Gunj is opened, so here we

will select our panel which was on the first number,

Adam's Pen.  Our drive is showing here,

whatever is of UFO is dutable, so we will

enter on it, there is inter mic, it will start, if

we start, then its cutting

will start, so we do

not need to start this system here.  You

can start accessing it, if you don't understand anything,

then take it from there, such a

system has been created by it, for its

completion, the System Completes Office is installed

and it

makes two protests that it is very difficult to cache it.

Paul, to remain secure, keep

all its configuration set, so

here you can see that we have started

and the panel appeared in front of us, so here you have to do

some conference, the Add

button that is visible to you, you have to click on it.

And here the administrator

password is to be set, here you

can see any password, so I

keep the password here,

loot that and ok, we

will lock on, Hmm, I

give one two three four five six,

confirm.  I will

enter the password and confirm it by entering it.

So here I have

set up the Mr. account. Now we just have to start.

If you want to set the setting C 280 to

China, you can do it.

I am giving it a single network connection,

just start it in the hospital and here our

test is starting,

sorry, here is the Tomato operating system,

it has been installed, now we do not have to do anything here,

basically we should see this.

Whether we can access the files of Windows,

otherwise let's see, we will

go to the application,

now from here we will also click on security or

we will go to a location and you can see

here all the drivers in my system.

I can see all the details here

and

I have a direct install on any one of the drives, that is, in the rest of the apps, I

can take that as well, I

can also access the MLA's data completely, but let's see this.  How will we do this by

clicking on volume un and sees that it is

asking us for the password, the same password

was kept by the Englishman as well,

so you can see that we have

actively mixed the files of our windows through cigarette S,

if you are a user here.  If you

go to I, you can see this

structure and also my complete file, which you

can access, download the desktop which

was ours, you can see what all the things are hanging on Next9, the

video of the students under the oldest,

we saw how we black link only

bracelet.  You can activate any link and

how many pages can activate it and

how can we access any file in this window.

This producer can change the window.

Basically the tracking method is

dutable, that is why it cannot be shown to you.

Sitting here, today we saw

how we do not use bootable pen drives,

we also saw about pension, what kind of operating system is this which was

made to remain complete,

so I am Sumit, you must have liked the video,

see you.  Tomorrow with another new video,

if you haven't subscribed yet then

subscribe now. Thank you.










Hello hello friends welcome and destitute

10 Kumar Rajbir person before that hope

you guys like this video then like

share and subscribe if

you have not subscribed yet then please

subscribe now video where you

can do stenography then some  Also,

that's from the back, which means

people can see that if they know this message, then

this subscribe

can come in any of the different ways. Let's see this, so here

we can see the subscribe here.  On the other

hand, that is, our data

is the young information, the messages, after that,

subscribe to our channel,

subscribe to the video channel, after that, this

information is this subscribe and subscirbe,

subscribe

Vasundhara, understand it in a completely different way,

you can see the thinking a little.  See this, there are absolutely

buttons, so whatever recent you are a

student then, it is basic internet

information, basically, you

cannot see it in the interface, so this is the side party,

friends, if you cannot see any function inside it, then

this is  If you

are a stenographer, then friends, these were the types of them. Now let

us perform some stenography steps

and see how the image used to stop.

This audio can be folded on this side.

So, first of all, we

will start this challenge, then its limits.  Will download

which is basically OpenStack, we

take this, open

one take you enter enter, so here you have to

download the shoulder key which is like this, here, here,

click here, so let's

go here, we will use it here.

To do this, here you have to remember here and here and here

I am here

so

it will be tight and here we have the

details and let's go to enter so

here we have kept inside this  Text

message, so we will select the message here,

we

are here and we have selected the attack WiFi, so

we will select it here and

convert it into this file, we

want to add it to this water, we will select that moment.

Which is our damage file, so it has

also been made into MS Word, now it is clear that

our message has been selected,

we have to tell what kind of output we want

and by clicking on the posters, we

will give the location here, we will give the name basically.  We

will test it on cnn.com person

and here we are asking us to set the password,

we are saying that you keep the password

so that it is secure, then we keep the password here

that I am here, digital watermarking

is the B option, at the moment I then we are here.  If you are searching for height

then you will click on that item and if you

click on data like these then here you

can see that we have received a confirm message

here that the match has been created. If you

click on this stage then you can see

exactly.  The normal image is as it was before, the

exact images are not changed here, it is ok, it is exactly the same,

now if I share it anywhere in the match,

it will be normal for everyone, if

anyone wants to set a message on it.  It will be

extracted through this Same to Same OpenStack and there we will

hang the tempered glass

and enter the password and we will

select the fold like we

want to have full version of what we have here on Date Officer and we will add it here OK Suzy

Our basic data is here, it is straightened here,

so let's see what was the topic in the data. In

the morning, there was a surprise here

in which there is no correction, so if there is anything, let's

close it from here and here you

can see similar image stenography.  It

works and there are many stenographers like this,

which are video stenography and the doctor

said that I will help you in a different way, you will

get it online, there are many 2018

fixes available, we had used some of them,

so you can subscribe, you must have liked the video.

Wherever it can come and we will

use it like this, till then subscribe with melta, subscribe,

thank you, do it

[music] or

do it.











Hello Hello friends welcome to the best

Mukesh Kumar Bablu Giri video

where we will see the covering tracks

i.e.

how can we clear all the locked codes wherever we have them,

today's

video is super hit.  Desi Ghee: First of all, we will

see how we can clear all the

track records i.e. time and

face being recorded in the winter machine which we have given to the indoor lock,

our

application which was installed and we had

taken access to the system.

How can we record all these people?

Three types of people will record, basically

one will be application record, second will be

security officer and system lock, so let us

share these three. There

are two detailed options to clear this, here I

follow the manual process.  Do it or I will download only one

which will automatically create all the lots,

this is very easy,

because here we have the clear logo,

through the clear logo in front of us, we will go through this, we will download it,

so here we have the file and  Once this is

done, we will go to its location and

here we will open it and open it, if we

finalize it,

then it will not be installed basically, the

directions will be done, here you can see that the

system is clear and people are going, so

what to do?  It will take

all the Windows operating systems in our system, all the

people recorded, it will clear them all,

how to secure the logins of the locked applications of the locked system

and that is, our Always

Be data system will be recorded when we have

accessed the system, so many changes.

Install the application, make any changes,

it will clear everything, we do

not have to do anything, click on clear and system,

it will become soft, then you can see

that all the people can be recorded wherever they are with the movies.

Securely, you can see here whatever

lock has been cleared is written here, it

means that

all the locks that were recorded in our system are now gone,

so we can press it here and

secure it from here.  After giving an end stop,

we will see

how those who can clear us from the capsicum machine,

then I

can clear all of us from the lines which are special to us,

how will we do the same, if we do not see, then while starting this

Link Joshi Machine,

here we will set our item machine low,

it has become a clap machine for our comrades,

we have strengthened it and now we will go, we will go to the

item in this game, you right go to it,

Rafale will have to be deleted, Song of the  We will take

missions, first of all we have got

here from Suji Ad and OK, so now we will

go to Ward 13 where the Lokpal

record is there, so

here if you try it first, then

here you will get a lot of solutions

called end messages.  There is a file which we

can see here, there is a file named messages,

inside this file all our people

are Unicode and how

can we make these people senior like we do here but it

depends on the name of the messages file.

Hunter will do this and here you can see

that all the people who are recorded in the lock system have

come here. Now we basically have to

clear these laws, we will add it, take

end control here and then

delete it in the middle.  Will give it, wrap it, use it,

so

here if you go back and open follow,

you can see that there is no people record here, you were able to see that there is a call log

hanging from the bottom, which is basically a

whose name was you  This time, if you check the

messages for husband, see here, there is a

big center on this,

here also there are people who will

show our biography service information,

what all we had set, we also clear them, we will

control it.  We will delete

these, we will set up,

we will rebel, so basically this is the

set up to popularize, we have cleared the line Kumkum,

that is, now there

is no feel anywhere which can tell that there is an attack

here and in that.  If you

do some activity or the other, then friends, I hope

you liked today's video, where

we saw how the systems which are there are the

operating systems

which can clear the log jump of the video channels,

more such new videos.

Till then we will keep meeting, if you have

not subscribed then subscribe now.

Thank you [

music]

ki a

do.










Hello Hello students, how all of you

welcome to the best Nashik Mala Japa, I have

brought a video of people where today we are going to learn

what is Malware Udyam and

Worms so let's start our

video here when friends who learn total charges

those four things  What do you mean by what do you mean by

provisions what do you mean by virus and

terms and boys and attention to what do you mean by what is

good and

how do you call it a system

and  Computer system i.e.

shut down this computer system forever, it is the

point, this limited to control this, by

collecting the size near this, either this

limited gives control of some things or

gives complexes, tomorrow depends on the teller.

This program has been

written according to that and it is mostly used for

Front Rock i.e. it is

not used only for stealing or doing some wrong work. If you

send mail then only friends are important.

Basically, some such programs which

Just to crush a system and steal its data

or to give access to that system's company

Maxis Ek Tha Tiger,

then basically the body

they are in will use Velvet to

corrupt your system and submit your data to

them.  If you get rid of it or

get it complex on your computer, then basically it

is Nehrugram which is designed to cause damage to any system. Let's

look at some types of miners. Here are some

examples. Like provision of waste for

inches. Back door root viruses, scripts,

ransomware.  Unwanted Sacrifice of Avengers,

as I have just seen, there was

Churna Time attack in 2019 China's time,

in which Answer Vyas had troubled a lot of

people, like and

systems that change all the file junctions of yours by

shifting them.  Till the end,

whatever you demand is there, it was not transferred to Bigg Boss, till then it

could not be called unlocked, Sky is a much bigger

company than this, then there is a lot of loss of space,

so friend, this is basically the types of

maze mill.  Let's go next to us

what is professional project, what is the

meaning of professional project, but how does it work,

then let us understand that this is what the minister will then

demand to disable the

computer system, okay, this is what I will do,

tasty, what will I do  Which will

remove the access from the computer and give it to the user. Okay, I was just liking this. It has

some predefined

actions which knows what to

perform. Add this system cancer.

Someone has to provide it. This system

has to get comments done which is what we are doing here.  You see, it makes the

communication channel great, that is,

it creates a communication channel between the victim and the victim, with the

help of which one

can perform all the steps here, then

basically such a virus

occurs every day, it is a program which damages the message system.

Can also do and attack Congress of the

Communication is sitting so that those features which

can perform the best option, then the Trojan

which is there would be very less for this system. You

can see here which

all the Trojans.  It is used if the

system is hydrogen then it

will be normal in any comment or not brother deposit is

airport similarly if any

motivated toe increase

through this software through any platform then

his good night fall is discharged  The

vitamin automatic software will run on this point, if it is

making estrogen, then it must have been working

on some post or the other for two days,

then it is good. You

can see those points, you can use them

even once, this much.  This journey is going on on the post of number,

so this is the romance with you, you

will comment on some post or the other, because of the attack,

make comments through that system, the

gift will be useful only till the time someone

uses an automated tool to verify the entries.

This Sunnah is being made Friends, we have

what do you mean, through these points

we understand how the

inspector transports 10 grams, transports

himself exactly to you at different places,

then he does.  So that you

can change it, we do it many times

which will force you to think,

click on it from the side of this system,

then you subscribe to our channel,

which can help in removing it.

next 9

Remove  This also happens if we set up a

basic program and make it as it is,

we have made this program in such a

way that as soon as

its time is over, Saif Ali goes automatically

so that no one can get it.  It is supreme, if

no one could change it, then that

application will also be there and it will download the file, it will

do disco in front and it will also

take the things attached to it, it will

also download them, this, friends,

is a virus and mom basically.  The

viruses and moms are very dangerous to the

system, that is, they work in such a way that if

a virus comes into your system, it will

automatically create many viruses

for different programs.  You

can save them, remove them and return to you

so that it becomes very

compromised and creates complications on your system.

First, it gradually destroys the

rest of the systems connected to your system. It

depends on what

type of scum is this virus bomb.  So friends are viruses and

we have been protected from them,

basically this is the reason why you should

not download any milk from the internet

unless it is verified as useful, you have to

download it after scanning,

even after that you should take care.  That you should

not give admission permission to such a program,

understand about it, what happened to it,

A response has come to a good place, only after that

you run it, then this reference is the

fate of virus and boys that we see after that.

How many types of sleep are there otherwise that is

a waste of relationships and we saw that there

is a virus in it, that city is there but

how many ways to wish investment, so let's see the

first way is static, I set the alarm,

dynamic railway minister, what is going to happen in these two.  That

is, we who store the energy of the virus,

only this virus and

whatever is there, whether it is in the system or not, we

will do this, how two processes are shown here, the

elastic process, insert the second one,

Professor Kachori, how will the maximum work,

first of all, we are the post text message.

Sending is special i.e. detection of velvet. In the

canal system, whether yes it is really

expert in it or not, then that topic

is in the process. So,

first of all, we look at typing middling

i.e. there is 25 information. Let us look at

the meter data.  That is, let's

look at the information of five about it

and try to understand whether there is anything in it

that I can tell that it

is a Malviya witch, what will we do, what is

ours, this is our system, we

will scan it through some system, some topic.

Like we will scan then we will

scan through online platforms like virus is total

or on many such platforms we

can run this temple through us, then we will

scan it, after that we will perform missions

i.e. we will search some such stands

which are basically  There is a sign in these gooseberries,

antivirus also works like this, if

it works on the chest, then it is normal, it is

available in Melbourne, so we will also

search for such a distance, after that,

it will be packed a little, that is, it will be connected

to the computer.  We will try to understand the economic

format in which it was cooked, its packing and

stuffing and the format in which the chicken was cooked. We will

look at Finding of Potable Accidents i.e.

how is the process of executing it.

We will look at what are its dependencies.

That is, what are the files

required for it to run? You must have seen in your installation session even in lunch,

every type of sadhu has

dependency routine, requirement is very tasty,

which are TRPed and installed and there are

packages which are needed to complete it.

So in the same way, when there is a path or

- whatever happens, it starts, then it

needs something and if it needs a job, then it will get a

use with the help of which it will run whatever program is available on your

system and run all the other

programs, so we will do the same.  We should see from day one

what are the files

policy which we can understand by reading its program

that it needs inch.

Suppose if you have created a Python program then you have

imported there whatever function

will be showing whatever is written live.  The same library is

required for him, he

should have it absolutely, so his part is the

end of the dependencies, he will sample all that is there

i.e. Hmm oh my God, batting in different passes,

he will try his best so that he

can start the process of it.  We all

can understand by reading the program, how is it working,

friends, this is our setting, married

and that's why,

after that comes to us the stage

of dynamic balance sheet i.e. dynamic, when

we do the age, now it is roasted in it,

best friends, its and  Let us look at one is the

system base line invariant and the other is the

internet monitoring match i.e. both of these

messages work for investing in a dynamic manner so let's

see

how both of them work towards difference so we will

see the dynamic here.  Mail address,

inside this system base line vs West Indies

team and meeting, how does this work,

what is the difference between the two, so first of all let us

see what happens in the system base line,

we both have careers here, one thing is that

we and the country use laptops, that is, theirs first.

We keep the records of how they were before,

after that we see whether there is

any change in the file system or the

registration i.e. the Lokpal duty minutes,

whether there are any changes in them,

after that we will see whether you are in any open post.  Is there

any thing i.e. value that earlier you

only had the code to open the ATM mode? Do

you have any 30 reports that have been forgotten then this is what

we slap

knowledgeable old which was there and photo rows

which are still Chinese, we will compare both of them,

after that network activity.  That is,

try to connect to the System Show System or has any request been

generated, which I hope

can see all the requests coming through Asha. So

here, when we will monitor all these activities,

then we will be able to understand that yes.

Here, whether Gmail is working or not, we

believe that it is Internet

inviting. You will sleep here,

that is, we will keep a record of all the old files, old folders,

sports, whatever,

after that we will keep a record of the changes happening inside them.

What are the changes that we will monitor? We will monitor the

processes, registries, window

services, system programs, so we will

basically keep an eye on these things, are there any

changes in these, are there any changes in the processes in the

registry, window services and

start up programs in these, there is

no file added in them.  Whether it has happened or there has been any change

or not, how will we manage it,

i.e. the

condition which is there now, the mechanic can find out from the old commission

and the

changes present in them

in the hunting house that this is dynamic

heavy work.  How is it doing, after that we

will see that whatever changes happen in the event logs installation files

and folders i.e. the files folders and the

events logs. If any

file is being installed or any event is being

performed, then we will see its log.

Also humans will

see denim device drivers and network

traffic Shani device is newly diverted

or not, we will add the network, are there

any changes happening here or not,

drinking is like death and ASP call, if

API call is being done  So if you mount it,

then friends, this is basically a

message addressed to me in a palace which

is static as well as denim so

inside the dynamic also to make a poignant investment in two options

which were system base light and

posted in these two processes.

Through this we can basically use a drop of oil to check whether it

is important in our system or

not and if it is then by keeping in mind its activities we

can see how we

can remove it.

I liked the camera video given by Supreme Camera.

And we have seen that what

are they themselves, how do they pose,

how can they be addressed,

how can they be found in the system, after searching, we

BSP have to delete it, those who have to

make changes, they have to change back, they have

old enmity.  I have to bring him the land, you must have

liked the video, you will see the difference

with the video, till then

if you have not subscribed, like and share then

do it now, thank you, do it.









Hello students
🙂🙂🙂🙂

How are you?
🙂🙂🙂🙂

Welcome to WsCube
 Tech.🙂🙂🙂🙂

I. Ashish Kumar have
 brought a video for all of you

in which we will see how we
 can generate a payload,

and the process to
 generate a payload.

We will understand that
 from basic to advance.

So, let's start
 our video.

First of all, we will turn
 on our Kali machine.

Friends, our Kali
 machine is turned on.

We have to open
 our terminal.

First of all, let us
 give root permissions.

We will type
 "sudo su".

So, we have given
 the root permissions.

We have to
 make a payload.

What is a
 payload?

It is such a malware which
 enters in some other system

and generate a
 request from there

because of which,
 firewall can't stop it.

If we try to access some
 system directly from here then

firewall will stop that package
 and it will not let it access.

But, if we generate
 a payload

and somehow, we make that
 payload reach the victim's system

then after that, as soon as the
 victim runs that application

or if it does any such activity
 which will run that payload

then that payload will
 directly get connected to us

which means that the victim's
 system will get connected to us.

In this case, firewall
 won't be able to stop it.

But the anti-virus in our
 systems read the payload files

and come to know that this
 is a malicious program

and then they
 block it.

We will see how
 to bypass them.

First of all, let's see how
 to generate the payload.

Later, we will also see how
 to make it undetectable.

We can use 2 services to
 generate the payload.

For this,
 Metasploit is best.

But, instead of
 going in Metasploit,

through the console of
 Metasploit i.e. through "msfconsole",

we will not generate
 the payload.

We will generate the
 payloads through MSFvenom

which is a part
 of Metasploit.

We write here:
 msfvenom.

Since we are new in
 making payloads and

we don't know what type
 of virus we want to make

or what name we have
 to give it or how to use it.

So, as of now, we will just
 write msfvenom and hit "Enter".

We can see that we have
 received the help of msfvenom.

Let me zoom in.

Here, its help
 is shown to us.

The process to
 use this and

the things involved
 in a payload....

If it's a
 program then

these are helping us in
 generating the program.

What will the program need
 after going into the victim system

and getting
 connected to us?

It will need our
 IP and a port.

It will try to connect that
 IP and port from there.

In most of the payloads
 that we will make,

only 2-3 things are
 required in that.

The first one is
 the IP of attacker.

The second one is the port to
 which it needs to get connected.

It needs only
 these 2 things that

the IP and the port
 to get connected.

Apart from this, if we want to
 use some extra configurations

then we add
 them in that.

These are the 2 basic things that
 we will definitely put in any payload.

If it goes in the system
 and gets connected to us,

then it should know
 from where to connect.

So, we will start after
 entering these 2 details.

What do we need
 to do here?

We don't know how to
 use which payload.

For that, we can see
 here in the help.

First option is
 list of payloads.

It will show the list of the
 things that we want to see.

We want to see
 the list of payloads.

So, let's see.

Here, we will write
 "msfvenom -l"

"l" stands for list.

And here, we will
 tell the list we want.

It is payload.

Then, we will
 hit Enter.

Here, we will enter
 "msfvenom -l payloads".

And whatever
 payloads are in this or

the payloads that are stored
 here by Metasploitable Rapid7,

we can see all
 those payloads and

we will select any payload
 from them and use it.

So, I will guide you how
 to select the payload.

You can see that the names of
 all the payloads are shown here.

We can select
 any one of them.

It is also showing
 the work they do

and it is also telling the
 systems on which they work.

So, you can see that

some payloads for Windows
 32-bit and 64-bit are there.

Today, we will generate
 a payload of Android.

We will see whether it is
 detectable by virus or not.

And if it is then

we will see the service
 to use so that

the virus  or payload
 becomes undetectable.

All the payloads starting from
 "A" here are for Android.

All the payloads up to here
 are Android payloads.

Now, we have to select the
 payload to be used for Android.

Here, we can see the
 meanings of all and

the work of
 payloads.

So, let's select
 this one:

android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp.

So, we are selecting
 a payload that

will communicate with us
 through TCP communication

and it will connect the victim
 machine with our system.

So, we have to
 use this payload.

What will
 we do now?

Now, we will
 start to use it.

Most of the payloads need
 only 2 things: IP and port

which are made while
 getting generated.

So, we will write
 here: msfvenom

Then we have selected
 the payload

which is
 android/meterpretes/reverse_tcp.

Already a command is
 ran which is shown here.

As soon as we
 mentioned the payload,

we have to put
 2 things in that:

first one is the IP through
 which it will be connected

and the second thing is the
 port to which it will connect.

So we will put the IP of our
 attacker machine here

by writing LHOST which
 is for local host.

We will write "=" and
 enter the IP here

which is
 192.168.92.135.

Then we will enter LPORT that is the
 port to which it needs to connect.

We can keep
 LPORT as any port.

It doesn't matter.

We just need to keep such a
 port that is not used normally.

It is recommended to
 put a port above 8000.

So, we will write
 here: 8687.

After that, we will make
 a sign of "greater than"

because of which the
 payload that is generated

will be saved in a file.

After that, we will keep the
 name of our payload as

Wstest.apk.

This is the name of our
 payload and we will hit "Enter".

Now, the generation process
 of the payload is started.

Then all the details or the
 output will be printed here.

So, you can see that
 our payload is ready

which is of 10188 bytes
 which is a very small payload.

We have made a
 very small application.

And no encoding
 is selected yet.

First, we are just making
 a normal payload.

We will not exploit
 it as of now.

We are seeing the process
 to generate a payload.

We will see how
 to exploit it later

an the session of Android
 or Window session

As our payload is
 generated, we will see

whether it's undetectable
 in reality or not.

It is a normal
 payload.

For that, we will go
 to our browser and

and we will
 go to virus total

which is such
 a platform

which will scan the
 files that we upload

and it will tell at how many
 places it is detectable

and whether the program in it
 is shown as malicious or not.

Virus Total is opened
 in front of us.

We are asked to select
 the file which we will do.

Click on "Choose file".

And the application
 that we had made,

which is Wstest.apk,
 it is here.

We will
 select it.

Then we
 will open it.

Then we will click
 on "Confirm upload".

So, our fille will
 be uploaded here.

After that, the testing on those
 files will start automatically.

And it will tell us by how many
 anti-viruses, it is getting detected.

In the starting process itself,
 it has shown 4 antiviruses.

Now, 25 antiviruses
 have detected it.

26

The number that is
 coming up is showing

the number of antiviruses
 that have detected it.

So, our scan
 is completed.

You can see that approximately
 50% antiviruses have told that

your file is vulnerable and
 it has some malicious code.

So, 31 antiviruses
 have detected us.

How can we
 reduce them

so that minimum antiviruses
 can detect us or

any antivirus should
 not detect us?

We have to generate
 such a payload.

For that, we will use
 some techniques.

First, we will
 encode our payload

to see if any changes
 are coming in it.

So, let's go to
 our terminal.

Here, we will
 write "-e".

In "Help", you can see that
 "-e" means encoding.

If we have to set encoding
 then we will use "-e" option.

You can see that with "-e",
 encoder function will be called.

You have to use any
 encoding in front of that.

For that, we have to see
 the list of encoding.

So, let's see the list.

So, to check the encodings
 that we can select,

here, we will
 write: msfvenom

and after that, in front of "-l",
 we will tell the encodings.

Here, it is telling that
 you have to write

"encoders" and
 not "encoding".

So, it will
 guide you.

We will copy it
 and after "-l",

we will write "encoders"
 and hit "Enter".

We will get the list of all
 the types of encoders.

We just have
 to select them.

You can see that we
 have got all the encoders.

We will read it once and
 select the best one.

We have PHP encoders,
 countdown encoders

and the 32-bit encoders
 of Windows.

We will use PHP
 base 64 encoder.

We will copy it.

In front of the payload code, after
 "-e", we will mention this encoder

and hit "Enter".

Now, the payload that
 will be generated,

it will be
 encoded.

You can see that the
 payload that is generated,

it is of 17015 bytes and it is
 saved in encoded format.

Now, let's see what happens
 after uploading this file.

We will go to the home
 page of virus total and

we will choose
 the file again.

We will select
 this file.

Then, we will
 open this file.

You can see that
 this file is updated.

It is over written on the last file because
 we had saved with that name.

And it's of 17 kb.

Here, we will click on
 "Confirm upload" and

that file is
 uploaded and

it scanning
 will start.

Students, it is working
 good till now.

24-28 antiviruses have
 scanned it but

they have not
 detected it.

So, the process is
 going good now.

We have to use the same
 encoder that we are using.

If we are making
 PHP payload

which is such a payload that will
 help in browser exploitations,

be it of PHP or JavaScript
 or of anything else.

We will use the
 relatable payload.

As of now, we have used an
 encoder to match the encoders

to see if virus total
 is catching it or not.

In reality, this payload
 will not work properly

just because we have used
 PHP encoder in this and

it is an
 application.

So, it has caught
 0 because

it was encoded
 properly.

It couldn't read
 it and hence,

and antivirus has
 not detected it.

But, if it will not work then,
 it won't be useful for us.

I was just telling
 to use it.

I was telling you how you
 can use an encoder.

But, now we will generate
 a proper payload

which will work.

And we will see that any
 antivirus should not detect it

or minimum antiviruses
 should detect it.

For that, we will use a service
 which is Veil evasion.

Veil Framework is a
 very useful framework.

It makes very low
 detectable payloads.

So, we will use
 Veil framework.

You can see that the GitHub
 page of Veil framework is opened

and we will copy
 this URL here

and then we will
 go to our terminal.

We will go to the
 Downloads folder.

Here, we will
 do GitClone,

we will paste
 that code

and we will
 save that file.

We will write: git clone
 and our URL.

As soon as we press "Enter",
 a folder will be created

with the name "Veil"
 as you can see.

It is already there
 in my system.

Let's see the
 process after that.

We will go to
 our GitHub page.

We will scroll down and
 see its installation process.

In its installation process,
 it has been told

that we have to
 paste this code first.

First of all, Git should be
 installed in your system.

It is already installed
 in our system.

We have ran the code
 with the git clone URL.

The file is
 saved and

we have to run this
 last command now.

So, let's run it.

We will copy
 it by Ctrl + C.

Let's go to
 our terminal.

We will press
 "Ctrl + Shift + V"

and then we
 will press "Enter".

Why didn't the
 command run?

Because my current
 directory is outside "Veil".

I should be inside
 the "Veil" folder.

So, let's go
 inside "Veil" folder.

If we write "ls", we can see that
 all the files are already provided.

As soon as we hit "Enter", the
 work of command will start running.

And as we have selected
 silent mode for it,

it will not ask us
 more questions.

All the packages, repositories
 and the files that it needs,

it will install
 all of them.

So, our Veil framework
 is completely installed.

To run this, we
 write ./Veil.py.

Our file is here and
 let us erase it once.

We just have
 to run this file

and we will run
 this file through ./.

And then, we
 will hit "Enter".

Our Veil framework
 is started here.

Now, we have to select
 the options and use them.

The guidelines to
 use it are given here.

If you want to got then,
 you have to choose "Exit".

If we want the information of
 anything then we will write info.

All the available tools will be
 listed if we select "List" option.

"Options" will show us
 the configurations of Veil.

Veil will update them.

And "Use" will
 select these tools.

If we want to follow the evasion
 process then we will write

"use Evasion" and then
 we will hit enter.

You can see that
 "Evasion" is selected here.

There are so many
 payloads in Evasion.

We can check all those
 payloads with the help of list.

We will write
 "list" and hit "Enter".

It is showing us all the
 in-built payloads here.

For example, if we want to make
 a payload in Python programming

of reverse
 http or of https....

Let's make the payload
 of reverse http here.

Let's copy it through
 Ctrl + Shift + C.

To use it, we will write "use" then
 "payload name" and then hit "Enter".

You can see that the
 payload is selected here.

The ending of that payload is
 shown as meterpreter/rev_http.

As this payload
 is selected,

we have to set its required
 settings or configurations.

We can do
 that from here.

LHOST and LPORT are the
 most common things.

You have to give
 both of them.

Apart from that, if you want to
 give any other thing like any domain

or if you want to give any
 other information then

you can
 give it here.

Here, we will see if there is
 any option of encoding here.

Apart from this,
 nothing is needed here.

So, we will set LHOST
 and LPORT here.

We can see that the options
 to set this are also given here.

To set, we will
 write here:

"set LHOST" and we
 write IP in front of that.

We will give the IP of the
 attacker machine because

as soon as this payload
 will run in any system,

first, it has to check

the system to which it should
 establish this connection with.

So, after going to
 the victim system,

it will establish connection
 with the attacker system.

After hitting "enter",
 LHOST is set.

Now, let's set
 the LPORT.

Once, let's check the output and
 check if it is required to set or not.

It is 4444 which means that
 it is not required to be set.

Once, we will see
 all the options.

So, we have got all
 the options here.

The IP or the LHOST of our attacker
 machine that we had set,

it is set here.

The LPORT is
 4444 ad it's right.

We have kept it as it
 which it was by default.

If we want, we
 can even change it.

As our work
 is completed

which is to generate
 this payload,

we will write 
"generate" and hit "Enter".

We will keep
 its default name.

We will
 hit "enter".

You can see that the file that
 is generated is stored here.

The error of "Create output"
 is shown here but

we will get our
 file here in the folder

war/lib/veil.

Let's copy
 this directory.

And we will
 open new tab.

You can see the resources
 of Metasploitable resources

which means that when we will
 recall these values in Metasploit

through this payload

or when we will
 turn on listening,

we can turn on listening
 through this file payload.rc.

We will call this
 file directly and

the listening will start
 which means that

all the options of this payload
 will run there automatically.

If we want, we can search
 this payload and turn it on.

But, some configurations
 errors may come.

So, we will turn on the listening process
 through this rc file in Metasploit.

As of now, we
 just want to check

whether this payload will
 be easily caught or not

through any
 antivirus.

We will hit
 "Enter" here.

We have got
 old options.

We have opened
 the new tab.

We will give root
 permissions there.

And we will go to that
 same directory

where our payload
 was saved.

So, I will write
 "ls" here and

I can see that there
 are 2 payloads here:

one which I had made earlier
 and I made payload.py recently.

So, we have to
 test this payload

whether it can be caught
 by any antivirus or not.

For that, we will
 copy this and write

"cp" and then "the
 name of this payload"

and then, we will enter the directory
 name where it has to be copied

which is
 home/wscube/desktop.

So, this file is
 copied on desktop.

We will open this file from
 desktop through virus total.

We will go to the home
 page of virus total.

We will select
 "Choose file" here.

Then we will go
 in desktop folder.

You can see that
 payload.py file has come here.

It is a file of 2.1 kb
 which is very small.

It can do
 big things.

If we can do proper exploitation of
 any system, we can run any command.

We have
 opened it here.

We will do "Confirm
 upload" here.

Here it's uploaded and its checking will
 start through different antiviruses.

The scanning of virus
 total is completed.

There is a huge
 difference between

the first payload that we had
 generated and this one

in case of the catching
 scenario by antiviruses.

You can see that only 6
 antiviruses could scan it.

From them, many
 people use Avast.

Rest of all are
 not used much.

CAT-Quickheal has
 also not captured it.

Here, 6 antiviruses have
 captured our payload and

some such words are told through
 which they have captured it.

Now, our work is to
 either encode them

or do some
 changes in them

which we will gradually do
 further in advance course.

But, now this payload
 is bit more effective.

If I use one more encoding
 technique, it will more uncatchable.

We saw that there is difference between
the payloads made by different ways.

By using many different tools
 or services or  encoding,

we can make
 such a payload

which cannot be
 caught by any antivirus.

So, let me tell you
 one more thing.

If you want to generate a PHP
 virus or malicious program,

and if you want that very
 few antiviruses can catch it

then we can use one
 more software in that case

which will be
 pre-installed in Kali Linux

with name Weevely.

You can see that the last
 command is shown here.

We can use Weevely and
 generate any  payload.

Let's see the
 process to generate.

After writing Weevely,
 if we hit "Enter",

we are able to
 see its help

where it's telling how we
 can make different things.

If we have to connect to a
 session then we will use this.

We will use this upper one if
 we want to run any command.

And we will follow this process if
 we want to generate any payload.

We have to write Weevely
 and generate here.

We will copy by
 Ctrl + Shift + C and paste it.

After Weevely, generate, we
 have to make a password.

So, we wrote
 a password.

After that, we have to
 tell the file location

where its output
 is to be stored.

So, we will write
 the location here:

home/wscube/desktop and then
 we have to keep a file name.

We will keep the
 name as wscube.php.

So, it will generate
 a php payload here

and we have to see

whether this php payload can be
 tracked through an antivirus or not.

We will hit
 "Enter" and

you can see that our
 payload is generated.

So, let's go to our
 Virus Total and

we will select
 the file here.

We had kept the file
 name as wscube.php.

We will open it.

We will select
 "Confirm upload".

And the scanning
 is started here.

So, let's see how
 its output comes.

Whether this payload will be
 caught by any antivirus or not,

let's see that.

So, the scanning report
 is completed here and

we are shown that only
 1 antivirus could scan it.

Rest other antiviruses
 could not scan it

because it is
 malicious program.

We will make such programs
 or payloads further also

which will not get
 detected by any antivirus.

How to be safe
 from these?

There is only one
 process for that.

You don't have to install any
 malicious file or application

that comes through
 mail or by any way.

You don't have to give access
 to that file in your system.

So, I hope that you
 liked today's video

where we saw how to
 generate the payloads

and how many different sources
 are there to generate the payload

and what can we do to
 make it undetectable.

We can put encodings in this or
 we can remove those words

which are getting
 detected.

So, this was our
 payload's session.

thank you for
 watching this video

and if you haven't subscribed
 our channel then

please subscribe to
 our channel.🙂🙂🙂

Do like 👍👍👍
 and share also.

So, let's mee tomorrow
 with a new video.

Thank you.🙂🙂🙂

*** Music ***










Hello Hello friends, so how are you all

in the welcome gift pack, Ashish Kumar, today I have

brought a video for you where we are

going to see what is lighting, what

is lighting, so friends, what are the charges here today, what

is active, subscribe

because friends.  We will look at some points

and subscribe, subscribe or

not, just like a child does it if he doesn't do it,

he has to keep an eye on who is

doing what, you

are on the other side, it is happening in front of his eyes,

so this is called monitoring, so here it is.

But when a system is monitored,

i.e. it is kept in mind that what is being done in the system

and the system has to be

selected, then the process of keeping that attention is

called positive.

What is bank capturing?

Capturing send a photo is your memory do

that I was standing here near this

whatever you capture something you

do this thing friends

do so here whatever this thing here to

do them all  If you subscribe to then this

thing is

that there will be only cover chapter on it, what will it do

after capturing the data pack,

complete monitoring of access and network, here this channel

subscribe also keeps an eye on the network, isn't

it something different like what do we do here  If you

can subscribe, then we

cannot do anything here. If you subscribe on any website

and also subscribe, if

someone reads the pack here, then he will get his

ID

password, that is, if he gets your ID

password, then message here.

While monitoring in sniping, it is the

habit of keeping a proper eye on the neck system. When we

start capturing all the subjects,

then we can also focus on those points

and from them in which we can get a lot of

information, so we can capture the sensitive

information.  Gathering is done after that

how can we do mission war to sensitive people,

he told here the

password of his tempered glass depends on the body's very near 10 minutes, it

is the system, it is such

services, if it increases a lot, then

it has  Second is that they

do it basically without any interruption, so we get the

chapter of enjoyment. Email or job email

is coming. Fourth, we check their office, bank and

also capture the business traffic, that is, the

website which

captures the animals.  All the networking related work that is being done in one system is

not a matter of internet.

Friends,

if any packet is being sent here and there through any device on Bluetooth,

then we

record it.  You can press while typing.

Hope you have understood the

slapping. What we are doing is the complete network of a system.

We are monitoring the entire network of a system. We

know all the data packets coming in it, we are storing them and later

they can be used.  If you are reading and

basically get suncity information inside

then this is what happens if we look at this yacht which is

our ghagra then by giving this example we

can take it, first of all let us understand whether she

is pregnant or not and if so then I

I will try to connect my system

with the stalls and those of the network by whatever means, I will try to

connect it with the roads

on which the rest of the systems will work,

so the first project is to connect my system

with the system i.e. the report is whatever.

Connect from switch on but I will

basically do a discovery to front which will

understand the network topology to do this

if anything less today I will tell you I will

tell you the problem I will tell you if I write

net discover then I will tell

how many of the people  Are connected and if I

do track suit then tell me how many

systems the packet is going through or I

would like to understand how all the systems here are

connected to the local area network to do this work,

which is a very good idea.  It has been done

that whatever data is transferred will

first go through this system, it will go to the doctor and

then it will go to the allotment and from

there the response will go to the doctor or it will be transferred to the doctor

and after that

the system will send it to that point.  So

we have explained the slow process of networking

in a fashion so here we are seeing that we will

run someone near that networking and

understand something that yes it is

through the earth through the system but

after that we will identify  Let

us look at the soil machine, now let us look at its monitoring

system, how does it happen through its machine

and that is and subscribe in 2008

is 1969 like here I am so these

are its details which works on the system

5152 and any of these  The system had a wife and

he said yes, I am 21.2, so it was

going on like this, now he accepted that as soon as he

said, the system was there, meaning here it was

said in 2008, so subscribe here,

removed it from here, subscribe like.

And subscribe, the

police took it, now here whatever ID was there with the person

who had to say, he has it, so first he

opened it on his own, no,

send the piece like a withdrawal request,

traffic destination machine, now as soon as you get any

amount of traffic  When we go near the jam chahiye,

then whatever

data, whatever response should come here, it is

told nearby that

I have 10 to 12 of

my choice, there was no need after this

because the ID password is verified.  After doing this,

they generated the nation token that yes, this

is a belt and it can run the government, so

as soon as that response came, there was

no need for it, like it responded to me

and basically I logged in, so

here I am.  After reading it, what

is it that he had inserted his credit card of

someone else, whatever thing is transferred from one place to

another, then bring to front

this complete process and it

is very important to stay away from it.  Before we

understand what can be done for this, let

us also see once what is the

active scanning technique,

what are the things that we should avoid, at that time we will

first see these tests can be done, the

first one is blood and the

next remedy.  What is it basically, that is,

fielding a necklace means telling

that this question is not me and my

identity, conditioning my identity,

shooting my own country with someone else's

makers, or changing so many ladies

that whose table is  If he is confused then

this basically happens like no as soon as

you do it or you were doing it with a request, I

sent a request here,

what did you say that I am 121 600 or

here I am doing the maximum as if there is some system

which  There is a maker's connection when I go to

college for validation, then there we are saying

that we have this system, okay, we have this

system, we are showing it to someone else that I am a candidate,

so we can also do this with

absolutely 100% video.  How

can we do medicine in our dance point, it can be given

point, after that pure points,

you saw, please request came,

how can we wear it, we

can do DSP attacks and the points which are telling

can also be done, all these methods.  From the previous

sniping we perform it and

see it destroyed soon. Friends type

sniping has Pintu in so many ways, in the

manner in which the information was given,

anything is happening, it is getting connected, whatever

request request to properly

comes in front of you, he can.  So

press here there are some protocols which will

tell us where the daughter belongs to, that is,

we have a system, everything is a photograph which is being

transferred, some

work is being done by someone or the other which I

can buy very easily.  In this,

you are made to use Ghr Ghr so ​​that whatever is

being transferred in the request cannot be done. What

happens is that the SMTP server is

remote for the magazine and the team, which is the file

transfer protocol, which is the

force in typing.  So should we pay attention to this

or not and if so, then do it for them and that is

why it was

necessary to subscribe to our channel, that if anyone does then it will take

a lot of time to do it and

that is our lesson in this process.  Friend, in this

video, we have shown how and in which cases, we

can record it once again at some points to avoid serving,

every photo which

is not useful to us should be closed.  The

hotspot which is on should be

password protected and should have

good performance. Use wpa2

and at the same time keep the password. It should

be of good lens and should

not have WPS enabled. Keep in mind

friends, there is a wpa2 button, you

will see basically connected.  To do this, it

should not be enabled. Apart from that, there

are some other rotor settings which we will configure after seeing Maggi. Along

with these, we have to keep in

mind that

no one else can connect to it through our network, that is, they are

from us on Tuesday.  If we are connected and whatever data is being

transferred by us, it will be transferred only in the vented format,

then we will not be affected.

We will change the configuration of all the protocols that we have seen which are still growing, so that they

get 150 data, I get one tomorrow.  And

if you have

not subscribed till then with the video, then subscribe now,

thank you so much,

that's it.








Hello Hello friends, so how are you all welcome

and wasted text message for Kumar Bablu,

where we are going to see

how we can do it or if

it is both then let's start our video today,

you will see what we do.  We

change this and also like

whatever request he had that if he subscribes to our channel,

in his network, it means that we can do so many

things, so many petitions on someone where he

stops doing his work.

Dhoni should do the trading, what will we do, our

makers will change so much that

our attitude will increase so much that in whatever

network connection Ballia is connected to, Wi-Fi

network is being created there

that the system has it, it will become

so powerful.  If it becomes tight and is not

able to do so, then we will do it first, so to

watch this video here first, as a part of our channel,

now we will write here, we will blind the net discoverer and

write discover, basically

all the viewers who are connected to us and who are

subscribed.  Here we are subscribed

network system

so here can we do this

no problem our tummy why then we

can do with God we can change if we do

n't do this then we need to send here

Friends can use this here and

basically write messenger and enter

so that they can see its condition and understand

how our makers can change it.

So here you can see what we have to

do, we do not want that  The part of our nda should be

changed hmm just want that we

can search here

subscribe here if you subscribe now then

you can see that this channel

subscribe end here you 2000

you can see this last interview  Can

share with you guys here, after that it has

hello, change its hardware, change the

person, end here,

what do we have to do after that, so we

enter here, so now we can see that it has been done,

so you get this  It will be visible that due to doing the mother current, there has been

some change, you

can see that our animated has changed like this,

Muslim will have to do an example to dance by kicking the butt, then we will

close my and now we can see.  That

our Karma address has been changed

then this is what Bhim said this is

called Mexico Singh this is what I have kept for someone else what I

do is something and if I

discover the actor then let's see what

happens

I am the sun here  But you can see that like the

third device is gone,

here we have made the next portion of the revenue, so

here our Ghaghra has come in its place, now

our Ghaghra is this,

when can you see our medicine, we are

exporting more on them.  Now 9 Maths Fielding,

how will it work, Suraj, what should

we do for trading, we will choose one for the village,

which starts automatically like enter here

and if you do not install it, then

as soon as we can tell you, subscribe,

work in the company.  To use it,

now we will use the data internet here,

so here we have to select the

answer and put it in his IPL, Vikas, he

controls the dues, he sees

that in this table, he updates the dues

and in his  If it is kept close, then we want to have

so many mechanisms in the same table continuously

that it basically becomes a table spoon and if it

starts misbehaving, then we will open it in the

next point, so

what have we done to try middling it first, we

wrote the make-up.  After this, we have given the name of the interface by

putting 'and daddy', tell us the life of our flour

and here in the last dashain, there is a

number request that

it should be updated by crushing so many requests,

it depends on this, you

can see it here.  But our ghagra

can subscribe but if you appoint then

you can see it seems quite high

that with this their team would have

recorded how to make a dress here and with that

it will start to misbehave

i.e. Unique can disconnect

otherwise.  You get this video of something like this along

with another video that









You are a student, so how are you all? Welcome

and Introduced Nashik Kumar Raj,

watch the previous video, here today we are Modi S

PM Ideal Man Intermediate, if you type it,

then let's start my

video, so you want total here, okay, that is that.  What is the thing

given good fielding set

up DHCP people Mi team at any man in the

middle attack and writing and here we are the

first to subscribe the system so

if you do it continuously on any then you

cannot do anyone

that our tummy  We will open it in the

form of Amazing Bus and here if we

start it then we will write JP Jain

install red or white which we can add any such

as

you can see here to install it if you

subscribe.

So you can see its weight here,

this

platform China has opened in front, so here what we have to do now is to do

DSC fielding, how to

catch midding, it is very easy, friends, we are the

leadership here, write to you on this.  We have to go and

click on launch attack and first of all

we will send the normal property to

see whether everything is working perfectly

or not, whether leadership is enabled or

not then we will do the same and can give it as

written here, it was generated in which  Society is

telling the definition in order and here the

basic ones which are added to it are the

giants in the juice of the nation and here the proper

DSP which is delivering is ours, so now we

will flirt on gas in it,

what is its middling, any cheap  If it hangs,

more requests are sent to it than the limit. If it gets

fixed more quickly than the limit from one system to another system, then it was

hanging, that is, there is a limit setting on the head,

that is, it is intimate for every system, so many things can be done at one time.

Can present, if

more files come than that, then basically she

will flirt and it will start, so

press that here

and we will go past the enemy, we

can see here sending discover question, so

this is the discover husband Saif by clicking on it.

As soon as you do the same thing, you

can see that there is a lot of power in it here,

which is more than the development.

Start sending requests in quantity. Start the discovery

request DSP. It consumes a lot of

power. So, so

many requests are going here.  That now he will

not be able to make it easy for anyone and will

not be able to do his work properly. This parrot

friend is the acidity boat DSP gives the law.

How can he set it, that is, how can we ourselves play the role of DSC,

which the doctor was also doing.

Whatever data was going to be covered was going through small, so

how can we do all this work by adding IPL,

so let's see, now if we go back and

click on the road,

then the little option you are seeing here

is Creative BHP Lok Sabha i.e. itself.  Create an

ldap server and cook on it.

We are asking for salwar id on the

server side. Basically, what should we do for our

black machine in our system? We will

open youtube here and here

you can see our 121 121 computers.

Tips and here, now we

put here whatever is there for that party and cardamom, now we got it

done for the bus stop and yes

friends, keep one thing in mind, here the DSP

configuration can directly spoil the desi ghee proper

network.  You should also keep in

mind that you should try it in your virtual

box and in the kitchen itself, it should

not be installed in a system outside the railway station, in

such a place it

may take a lot of time to set up your network configuration with you, if the network

is working, it will not do.  So whatever

system you do, you can see there,

here the system takes back Bigg Boss,

OK OSItya, I got mine, let's start

now, tell me and whatever you do, it does

135, that is, whatever point system I have, you can use

electronic and  There are 25 systems here,

so from 140 to 145, here is the

dream of this mask or given dream mark.

Basically, what old is the

breakfast of our doctor, if you check it, then you

can see here, then you can see here

that  16230 90 Now you can see that we have

here, you

can see all this, we have come with our

machine boat, it means that America has taken

whatever data system is there, all of it

and we can you

I can write the alarm in the office

here, see stitch.com and as

soon as it decides which

machine will do the work of DSP and all the systems

connected to it, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do,

we do  We can do it

like

you

can start it from there also there is a messages option, here all the

applications are there, so here you

can see the voice of starting, space

here is our WhatsApp, this is start.  It is

basically done here, now you

can see here at night, whatever data will come and

go, if the updater follow will increase, then it will

be effective in the graph here, then we will

go to the internet, we will go to this much now

because the internet has started, now we have to  Let's

see if we

can do that on our second machine. Okay,

we can pin google.com like you can see

here you can see here

you have

that here basically Google is done.

Efforts are going on continuously where basically here the

requests are also more interested to

S2 Sounth and let's see something and what

can we intercept, here we will

go, we have two browsers here,

so we are doing this basic, such a site has come Draupadi

Doctor.  Cure Music A Whatever data is going will

not go to them, here as

we saw earlier in Bhind by doing this, after

entering the ID password and clicking on login,

now soon, now we can make the

same request to another network.

Through this, we can see in the middle, see, there

are a lot of requests here, so

what do we do, now

let's put on the screen here, this

is the fault of the thing and here the

activist from being interrupted by

will click on this, whatever data it

He is going in this format, here now there is a

meeting, when here the user had written '

Enter', then here you can see that I

entered the user name and password but the name of P

's descendant country was to log in, that is the ID.

And password for us, you are getting it, we are

admitted in user name, IT, min and password, so

here we also work for Mi team, so

friends, like our video where

I used one and a half fielding,

DSP Roshanlal is set and after that

Mi team kia man is intermediate which

we have confirmed how jackman is more that we have done for

whatsapp so you must have liked the video let's

meet with another video till then do

n't subscribe and

subscribe thank you

[appreciation]

[  Music]

Do Do Do Do or

A Do

Do










Hey students, how are you all?

Welcome DW Script, I am Ashish Kumar

Raja, I have brought my previous video, here

we are going to see the power of social

engineering, what is the power of social engineering,

what is social engineering, so

what are we going to learn today.  Today we

need to learn total friends, what is social

engineering, types of social engineering,

social engineering technique and social

engineering toolkit, so today we will understand about the four districts, the

first topic

is what is social engineering,

what is social engineering, so today we are here.  We

will see that we will be exploited, we will try to understand the seeds of some points,

our first point in this

is psychological manipulation, that is, we

play with someone's psychology, how we

play with his white shirt, we

force him to do things

which are  He basically doesn't want to do the

second thing here is let's

take configuration information test different sources and

techniques and this means

that we are doing human chatting so let's

put all these points together and see what is an exploit ginning

factory?  We will

play with the psychological mind of the person i.e. we will talk to him, we will

convert him to do the work which he did not want to do, due to which

we will get some information from him,

we will get some traditional and we

call it tumor i.e. if there is

any deficiency in the system.  No, all the files of the system are

updated, the system properties are secure,

so we see that the user has committed some

mistake. It is said that a human being is an

embodiment of mistake and by making these mistakes, he

compromises himself.

For example.  If I sent you this oil,

you clicked on it and entered your ID password

and you guys are here, your ID

password came to me, then as soon as your

ID password came to me, it was your

mistake here, you got compromised, so

this is how  There are many things that have happened in front of you, when you go to

that point i.e. the

box in front of you which is asking us whether we

want to download this app or not,

you have guessed what is your system,

then all these things which go  No matter how

secure the system is, a human will commit a mistake

and if it is

modern, if a city or

job is found in the system, then this process is done and

some questions are asked. Basically, you follow the

system with reminders.  Will it

come or will any of your recipe

information be taken which is very useful for us?

So let's look at our key points

which are: Types of pollution,

Speed ​​at which the train leaves at what time,

Translation, What are these three constipation sayings

?  Let us see the first human

seed i.e. Joshi Anjani is being used in this, we are

using some human or the other.

Bank, Computer Awareness and Mobile.

Between these teams, we will understand about

how all three work. So let's start

with the first point.  Have in the social generality

tree is not changed and let's see how it

works. Write the name of the type here,

alloy drop earring, subject, shoulder

traveling page, backing and dynamic, what is

this option here, what to do, basically

human SO Sanjay Singh and  It is in which we have to

take the juice of basic human i.e. suppose

if I have talked to you and after

talking to you, if I am standing behind you,

you have to enter your ID password

in my system, I will check that, medium shoulder,

everything is fine, then if I  If I am

following such a process, then send it to me, that is,

I will stay around you, keep an eye on you,

listen to you, take the information you have,

then I will do the work. Women

Western life comes to us near the dam,

not computer based questions.  Now the

computer question is what is it doing i.e. what are

we doing by using the computer device during the exploit

attacks, other profession

technicians have to dance in which let us

understand well by looking at some points, first

popup window as I told you earlier,

if you have a popup window in front of you.  Further we

tell you that this system has been

compromised, please scan it and it is giving seven

options, then you will do this, now as soon as you

do this, your system will

start getting compromised from there, so in

this way we can drop an alloy in front of you.

You may then get options,

so you can write anything in it, I

can write that your system is that if you say

yes to this then the company of your system will be

trained

but the opposite will happen as soon as you are

here.  If you click, there will be

no program in the background and through this program it

is your system because if we go, we

can do it through popup, we can do it through latest, we can do it

through chain latest, we can do it through

instant chat message i.e. I will send messages,

no one, I will tell you.  I sent the above link by message

or told you that I

want so and so milk option ID password and

I will talk to the IT department if you will

give it, then if I am doing it through messages like this, then

he will also come here and then

message on this.  You can send it to me by emailing you

and then put an attachment in it and as

you download the attachment or

fill the form together, you are giving your information to it with some

thought or the other and all this information is as if

your computer is all the same.  I have this and then

I used it now Don, after that the

third point that comes to us is that mobile is the

best Roshan ji no now

how come the mobile does not get swollen so let's see there are

some things in it

were Publishing Minister you i.e. your

In the system, I will download a certain app from

you, I will

not share it with you through any medium, but I will

not exploit it, what is the point of

convincing you to download that application

and after downloading it,

I will install it.  Why comment, I have

lured you with money, have

used personal references, in any format, after

seeing your condition, I have

made you a guest role in that application, so here you will get the

publishing shape, it will be installed

and you will definitely remove the lotion.  There will be

waste oil through it. The second one is repacking

apps, that is, what to do here, whether

your applications are being

updated with their identity or someone is adding something

which is not digested in it, which is mincing shoes from a garland.  There

is an application, after that it is

using a security, that is, we

can then use the security apps to show you that it is

secure, that is, I am showing you

whether you are downloading antivirus, if you

turn on Angry Birds, but there is just an

icon and a name, that's it.

Whatever process is happening in the background, it is western. Your question can

also be

processed and the SMS can be printed, that is,

I can do operations with you through SMS,

I can read your SMS, I

can tell you.  That you have to share this bread

also, if I use it in any such process,

then this is exploitation on mobile, it is

January 9,

so friends, if your nails are where I

saw, basically what is social engineering?

How does it work?

Inside social engineering, we  In how many ways

can you open settings? Mobile selling,

computer base and human test. In these three

ways, exploitation can be done. Social

engineering. Just by playing with the mind of a human and making

him/her do some work by

clicking on a link. Any file.  Get it

downloaded, why don't I

want to do it? It is called a search engine. You must have

liked Sunil Das's video.

See you with some more new videos. Till then,

if you have not subscribed then

subscribe now. Thank you.

is that








Hello Hello friends, so how are you all?

Welcome to Blessed To Tag. Ashish Kumar.

Today I have brought a video for you guys

where we will see Social Engineering to

Record i.e. a tool that helps us

a lot, Joshi,

in which almost  It is related to the skylight and

it gets some advanced functions related to it

which make our work easier.

So let's see, let's move towards our black

machine and here we will see such a

team on Saturday*

with two ways to start it.  First, if we give the mission above,

then here basically such a thing is that

unwanted software, which is a tool, there are

two ways to do it, if we want, we can search here and

write social in the search here,

we can see Joshi, click here.  If

you do this then it will start, anyway it will be in the

terminal, it will start from here

and the second thing is that you can start from the terminal

which you basically use the most,

I will

give it a flower, then once ok then we will be

here.  You have to write set toolkit enter,

press enter, it will start,

if it is not installed then you

can write the application install set to,

it will start, then

you will get it installed on the body in black in the system, so

here we are.  Some options are visible. While

looking at the letter IN, what else

can help us? The first option is think

exchange, as many attacks as you think, it

will show function centers inside this model.

OK, second hand penetration testing, that is,

it also performs penetration testing.

There are great two three water is present in the body

then this is some Google Analytics attack and

some other thing or nearby which is to

update it update question day *

Dawn of we have five update configuration

i.e.

settings of scrub questions to update them.

And just send help and it will

tell you about it or we will tell you how to use the function

997. We can see that we

can set it, so basically we will type one here

Social Engineering * which is

modular functions, what are they?  You will see, just

enter here, it is very

easy to use, all you have to do is write whatever number

you like and whatever cotton you like on that number.

Sister, whatever process you have to do will be easy

and if you have to enter something else too,

then  Tell us with him on the exam

how you can use it, now

we will see how to do that you have

more options in front of us like phishing attack on this

person website directors in

practice media generator trees

generator is also there in the list meat is also Mary's

Attacks related to violence and youth are sent through audio. There are

wireless access points that provide them.

Is there also a generator here and

power should be attack vector? Apart from that, you will

get texts on some government issues, and you will get commissions on some of them, which

will go to Mario in the text.  If you will help, then

why is phishing open here? Basically, let's check once in the social site,

what is it, how does it

work, and after making such a broken pack, we will

roam around to see what else the meat miller can do,

he is doing great here.  It

also works like a loaded pistol on the create,

which is our matters but here,

anyone found here can also create a subscribe

for us, create a document, PDF, JPG, like and

here in the website attack vectors, let's

see what we will get in it.  We

will write second enter and then we

can see here that this Java

applet is showing us the attack method. There are

some browser exploits in the later slide and the

option to use them is also shown.

Great, here Dish Harvester i.e.

Bigg  To get rid of Boss, it is showing 128, it is

showing Typing Master, it is showing web settings, it is

showing multi attacks and

Tasty Attend, here also very good

options are visible. This is related to Shining

Soham. Basically, let's see two things here.

Show which latest P news is this. Physical exploitation, if banks limit you,

then you will manage, then you can

find office here. Web

website owner and custom is important. We

can import something as per our requirement. You will

take alarm. Cyclone i.e. psycho

test.  We will enter * Liker and

here it is asking me are you

using it because we have to use it by the network, we will say yes to Songs for Wedding,

if not then we

will say no, so right now here we will use it.  Let's

try to do this so that after some time I

can explain to you in the support for wedding function, how can

my IP be taken from this report of ours in the wide area network,

so first of all I

will ignore the vacation here right now.

Rooney guys, line up, if it

is a phone, now here we have to enter our IP, by

default it will

take it automatically on personal, so we don't have to leave anything here,

and after that we are

saying here that we want to stop following the URL.

Yes, we will have to give this, that is,

what kind of page will we have to give, if the music

starts here,

what will we do to show it, we go to any one,

OK, so here we write local

in it, we can see if there is any other page.  So

what we do is turn on our Apache server

and complete the same, what

we will do for that is

open the cute app, here we will give the missions above that

and now we will start our Apache which is started here.

We will write that the service has reached how to

start, OK, the tunnel is effectively started,

as we will write, then our number

is 250, it will start and starting

means that a webpage will be created on the back,

if we want, we can see it

here.  If you write local and enter

then you can see that here is the

body and placer of the capacity which is lying inside our edit footer, so by

presenting it here, the

spoon is copying the grind and

asking for it there like this.  Let's go

back to our terminal and let's go here.

Okay, so here

I present it, so you can see

like I inserted this plate, this is my

hero yesterday, which I withdrew to Africa,

so here I am.  Showing different aspects,

in between we will select any one normal feet

but how to do this work

then anyone will fry. Basically there

is expression on but no one will agree. Now if we are

planning this system then

here  You can see that only number one is selected and if you think about it,

inside that I am

telling you which window city to

use, then you will travel in it

and we are telling the airport which board to

open, we have put and  By doing this,

our profession will start, so let

's see here, let's unite it and let's

see what else we can do, so the

name was number three option i.e. dish

harvesting, getting rid of someone's cutting,

how to do that?  You can see, if you enter then it is

currently showing us three options - Back

Template Securing and Custom Import,

this time also we will do less Cyclonic and here, if we

keep the IP as medical, then it

is also asking us to enter the URL

which you want to plan.  So, for

example, let's leave it for a test. For this,

we will follow Facebook. So here we will copy the same people

that our tummy will reach inside and

present it. Enter village,

which is basically now on this generator, this poached

eggs, subscribe.  For depositing solution,

which is our ancient services, we are

giving the option here that if you

consume any preservative, then we will stop the gas

as if it is not there inside, we will come back

which is that we will click on this opportunity here on the

side vagina.  Now we will click on whatever date we will

enter, it

is not like that, I was asking for IP, we will enter it and enter your

name. Okay, so here, why did we

start it now because

she has completed the proposals of her vagina, let's

see what ours is.

Service Apache Sadhu is closed or not,

I always stop it from here and

before that, check what happened, it was still

closed, if we ignore it, the page is patient, the

position was not closed yet, that is why

it did not get deleted.  So I say Bigg Boss,

what will we do to lose,

when we start, what did you write about

service aptitude start, if I want to stop, want to

increase, then I will write stop, if I

enter, then basically our effective

service should start.  Now if

we do this on this then you

can see that you will not see anything here, that is, the

President service which was there has been completed,

so now we can do our edit on it,

so here we once  Then we will repeat the same process, we will

go to the number, we will go to the settings,

we will close the side and here we will

enter the IP which is absolutely correct, we will

press here, we will do central, then here

students, we basically have

many similar functions by using it, which is such a team.  We will

give this question using claws, there

are some steps which can be completed, to

do some more things like this, we will

take different juices and understand some more obscene disco

terminologies through which I

can do hundreds of obscene things to such a teacher

and  Good Gwarphali can be put on Suji

's video where we broke down from such teams and

see some options. I would

request you to share this further. We will

go into its other options and see what it

can do. This is basically exploitation ginger tax which

is there.  It is going to help us a lot,

so let's meet with some more new videos, there is

no advanced exploitation because

we will see in the future, till then if

you have not liked, shared and subscribed,

then do it now, thank you, that's it.

[music]

that









Hello Hello students, so how are you all

and computer based test, I Ashish Kumar

Raj have brought a video for you,

which is The Power of Dogs and Was Attacked

Power and Dorset, its something,

what is it and how does it work.  This is the

total charges are going to come here today,

friends, want what is the what is the

subscribe with us which is Bigg

Boss, so let us understand what it is,

how it works, let us understand some such things about it,

first gh gh this  It

works in a computer network where it is

overloading the resources by selling the requests at a very high level to those who wish to subscribe,

that is, now at this point, we have

combined them all.  Let us understand that the Doctor has done Dr.

Saka, whose format is Denial of

Service and Tag Basic, in which

we sell packets which exceed the limit on a system,

which is the word limit, which is

more than that limit.  - Different

types of packets are sold in different types

and when more packs are placed on a system than its

limit, it

cannot process it at the same time and because it will

not be able to process, then either the

system will go down or it

will misbehave, i.e.  If a process comes to a processor which is amazing

then it keeps the

rest of the processes on hold until it completes the task

and similarly if there are too many

processes i.e. so many processes that

only ours gets filled, then in that case  What will happen

friends? Its smart system will hang,

stop performing and may even get crushed

and the switch will go off.

Basically, because of both of these, the door step is

so famous because it completes your system.

Any running

application can also spoil the hearing

and Don-2 will make it easy, so

what else is there in the cost, sending more practice on the mix system than its limit

so that if the

system goes down then all these things.  A

road is being built by combining it. Now let's

see next what happens to the dealers. The

full form of dealers is

Distributed Denial of Service Satay i.e.

what is happening inside it. There was dinner and

service and here distributed

denial of service will come.  By looking here, you

can understand what attack this

tiger is doing, by directly

installing a system, it gives use to many systems which are

already compromised,

that is, some of them already

wake up every morning, that is, some such systems.  Those who have already been

compromised,

through those zombie hosts through the system,

a lot of packets were sent simultaneously on the same system, that is,

on a limited plan of one system, on some basis,

Punjab Health System sent so many packages.  And there

is another system which is selling the same number of packets and adding a

lot of systems on only one

system.

If you send different things to a lot of systems on just one system, then that

system will easily come to the crust because it

has a very high limit. After that,  If there is a

data request and it starts coming, then this is what

happens in distributed denial of service

tax, where an attacker

uses it on many victim machines and attacks the main one which is our

victim. If you

look at the information, you can see a

multitude of compromises.  The system

collides with many compromised systems, which are also called Baat Net,

whatever that is also called, and it is

very powerful. In the Dorset X2 step,

one system used to attack another system.  If

many similar

attacks are done on the same system then

it will be very powerful, they

can download any server, then this

text from student districts

comes to us next, those cigarettes are

not attached in Angry Birds On, what category are they given?  It's

basic, what comes in the tune tags, so let's

see what's happening in it, let's reduce the volume.

Basically, we'll butter

them, cut them, midge them, type

they or not hate, whatever it is,

it depends on it.  घर घर

Subscribe Application Form 16

for Attempt What is here

that we are doing two roads but to

do it on different systems, it

comes by following different postal like here we

will see we are on some  Increases the volume, that is,

we want that the

size of the packets we send should be large, it will

juice up the attacks, if we do it on a web

application, now what will we do?

What are web applications? Acidity

can even go away.  There the YouTube

flop data is happening there, we

will enlarge the side of that packet and there is a request which will be

released through the posted gate basically, we will

make changes in it, we will see that it

can be as dirty as possible on which and the previous

results, so this is what it is.

In the famous type of dogs at night deer attack, we have

divided the cutting in the middle and perform a lot of attacks.

We have the map of the technique of dog attack

i.e. liquidate. How far

can we observe, then by doing mud, we still have the map.  If you

click on the Latk Field Communication System

then subscribe to share with others

and send a lot of requests,

then we are here so that

a lot of them will go continuously soon, a lot of them will

go here, so this will work, we will see.

Next we came to COD

What is there in COD BCCI MP basically the

question which on the minute they understand which system is best from other

system, suppose

here we sent a request to them, then

its reply will come here and similarly if I

send the request continuously.  If you go

beyond its limit then it will go beyond its limit, like spicy

frequency will start being Vodafone,

how does this work, like I

request it in return, it also has a

reply to it, which is response dot,

because of this, you will have to respond to them,

because of this.  There is detox, it is performed

here, after that friends come to us,

smart attack, what is noise butter, it

will explode, such an attack in which it

is our striker, what else does this attack do, you will get

some packages, you will get the practice of Islam

and this is in this long  The pack will go directly to the

IP provider i.e. IPL DOS

network, so the IP will

go to the doctor network and the address will be of

our victim, so what will happen to all these packets, all these

packets will go

to the doctor through the IP board class

here on the floor.  It will be directly towards the target survey

due to which, firstly, this salt will go, second

thing, it will be packed, it will be

taken in very heavy quantity, so in which the Dros attack will

be very successful, so this happens in which

each of which

through the IT Protects network here.  Pack it and let's

share it. Next we have a

central attack, no victims, what happens?

It is very easy and six topics, what

happened in the SIM slot, like if we even

communicate with the soil, then it was shared for free.

If we do TCP product, then

basically.  Power will stop us from trying to

set up so many communications with the system,

so here we do

not do full TCP, you scan open and

here we set half open day, you open i.e.

only symbol i.e. from here it  The

friend request will pass but as soon as it

finds out that you are open, it will stop. If the

same process is followed again and again,

what will happen to the system? A lot of

requests will go to the system and it will have to reply

that yes, the

office is open on the number.  It is not so and when

a lot of such requests go in, the system will

definitely get crushed and it will be expensive, so this is a

simple attack.

Next, we have Dia Dorset Act i.e.

Distributed Denial of Service Attack,

inside which you have the system by name related to the above

and which  It is less that firstly,

what is happening here, this is also on the skin, so what is the

problem, this is our

generate a lot of requests here and

we call some which

we attend through MB Free Water System. 19  By

subscribing, activities can be performed,

like this subscribe system,

whatever it is, it will take the road

work, but the dip it has brought will be

saved here and will also come back to the victim,

so it means the victim will also get its result.

And at the same time, whatever it is, it will be

very powerful because all the

machines are also connected here. When the victim gets his reply,

then the person gets to know whether

his Dros attack is being performed

or not.  It is said that

Distributed Denial of Service Tax is

Superhit, this is our video of today,

you must have come to know about the power of loss,

how powerful the doctor is and how it

works, with how many techniques, you

get the pleasure of performing in 12 times, another

video.  Where I have brought some more advanced

techniques with you guys

and let's see how this thing performs.

Till then if you have not subscribed then

subscribe now and

keep liking and sharing. Thank you

[appreciation]

[  music]

that a

[music] do it








Hello Hello students, so how are you all

and computer based test, I Ashish Kumar

Raj have brought a video for you,

which is The Power of Dogs and Was Attacked

Power and Dorset, its something,

what is it and how does it work.  This is the

total charges are going to come here today,

friends, want what is the what is the

subscribe with us which is Bigg

Boss, so let us understand what it is,

how it works, let us understand some such things about it,

first gh gh this  It

works in a computer network where it is

overloading the resources by selling the requests at a very high level to those who wish to subscribe,

that is, now at this point, we have

combined them all.  Let us understand that the Doctor has done Dr.

Saka, whose format is Denial of

Service and Tag Basic, in which

we sell packets which exceed the limit on a system,

which is the word limit, which is

more than that limit.  - Different

types of packets are sold in different types

and when more packs are placed on a system than its

limit, it

cannot process it at the same time and because it will

not be able to process, then either the

system will go down or it

will misbehave, i.e.  If a process comes to a processor which is amazing

then it keeps the

rest of the processes on hold until it completes the task

and similarly if there are too many

processes i.e. so many processes that

only ours gets filled, then in that case  What will happen

friends? Its smart system will hang,

stop performing and may even get crushed

and the switch will go off.

Basically, because of both of these, the door step is

so famous because it completes your system.

Any running

application can also spoil the hearing

and Don-2 will make it easy, so

what else is there in the cost, sending more practice on the mix system than its limit

so that if the

system goes down then all these things.

Together, a road is being built, now let's

see next what happens to the dealers, the

full form of the dealers is

Distributed Denial of Service Satay i.e.

what is happening inside it, there was dinner and

service and here distributed

denial of service will come.  By looking here, you

can understand what attack this

tiger is doing, by directly

installing a system, it gives use to many systems which are

already compromised,

that is, some of them already

wake up every morning, that is, some such systems.  Those who have already been

compromised,

through those zombie hosts through the system,

a lot of packets were sent simultaneously on the same system, that is,

on a limited plan of one system, on some basis,

Punjab Health System sent so many packages.  And there

is another system which is selling the same number of packets and adding a

lot of systems on only one

system.

If you send different things to a lot of systems on just one system, then that

system will easily come to the crust because it

has a very high limit. After that,  If there is a

data request and it starts coming, then this is what

happens in distributed denial of service

tax, where an attacker

uses it on many victim machines and attacks the main one which is our

victim. If you

look at the information, you can see a

multitude of compromises.  The system

collides with many compromised systems, which are also called Baat Net,

whatever that is also called, and it is

very powerful. In the Dorset X2 step,

one system used to attack another system.  If

many similar

attacks are done on the same system then

it will be very powerful, they

can download any server, then this

text from student districts

comes to us next, those cigarettes are

not attached in Angry Birds On, what category are they given?  It's

basic, what comes in the tune tags, so let's

see what's happening in it, let's reduce the volume.

Basically, we'll butter

them, cut them, midge them, type

they or not hate, whatever it is,

it depends on it.  घर घर

Subscribe Application Form 16

for Attempt What is here

that we are doing two roads but to

do it on different systems, it

comes by following different postal like here we

will see we are on some  Increases the volume, that is,

we want that the

size of the packets we send should be large, it will

juice up the attacks, if we do it on a web

application, now what will we do?

What are web applications? Acidity

can even go away.  There the YouTube

flop data is happening there, we

will enlarge the side of that packet and there is a request which will be

released through the posted gate basically, we will

make changes in it, we will see that it

can be as dirty as possible on which and the previous

results, so this is what it is.

In the famous type of dogs at night deer attack, we have

divided the cutting in the middle and perform a lot of attacks.

We have the map of the technique of dog attack

i.e. liquidate. How far

can we observe, then by doing mud, we still have the map.  If you

click on the Latk Field Communication System

then subscribe to share with others

and send a lot of requests, then

we are here so that a

lot of them will go continuously soon, a lot of them will

go here, so this will work, we will see.

Next we came to COD

What is there in COD BCCI MP basically the

question which on the minute they understand which system is best from other

system, suppose

here we sent a request to them, then

its reply will come here and similarly if I

send the request continuously.  If you go

beyond its limit then it will go beyond its limit, like spicy

frequency will start being Vodafone,

how does this work, like I

request it in return, it also has a

reply to it, which is response dot,

because of this, you will have to respond to them,

because of this.  There is detox, it is performed

here, after that friends come to us,

smart attack, what is noise butter, it

will explode, such an attack in which it

is our striker, what else does this attack do, you will get

some packages, you will get the practice of Islam

and this is in this long  The pack will go directly to the

IP provider i.e. IPL DOS

network, so the IP will

go to the doctor network and the address will be of

our victim, so what will happen to all these packets, all these

packets will go

to the doctor through the IP board class

here on the floor.  It will be directly towards the target survey

due to which, firstly, this salt will go, second

thing, it will be packed, it will be

taken in very heavy quantity, so in which the Dros attack will

be very successful, so this happens in which

each of which

through the IT Protects network here.  Pack it and let's

share it. Next we have a

central attack, no victims, what happens?

It is very easy and six topics, what

happened in the SIM slot, like if we even

communicate with the soil, then it was shared for free.

If we do TCP product, then

basically.  Power will stop us from trying to

set up so many communications with the system,

so here we do

not do full TCP, you scan open and

here we set half open day, you open i.e.

only symbol i.e. from here it  The

friend request will pass but as soon as it

finds out that you are open, it will stop. If the

same process is followed again and again,

what will happen to the system? A lot of

requests will go to the system and it will have to reply

that yes, the

office is open on the number.  It is not so and when

a lot of such requests go in, the system will

definitely get crushed and it will be expensive, so this is a

simple attack.

Next, we have Dia Dorset Act i.e.

Distributed Denial of Service Attack,

inside which you have the system by name related to the above

and which  It is less that firstly,

what is happening here, this is also on the skin, so what is the

problem, this is our

generate a lot of requests here and

we call some which

we attend through MB Free Water System. 19  By

subscribing, activities can be performed,

like this subscribe system,

whatever it is, it will take the road

work, but the dip it has brought will be

saved here and will also come back to the victim,

so it means the victim will also get its result.

And at the same time, whatever it is, it will be

very powerful because all the

machines are also connected here. When the victim gets his reply,

then the person gets to know whether

his Dros attack is being performed

or not.  It is said that

Distributed Denial of Service Tax is

Superhit, this is our video of today,

you must have come to know about the power of loss,

how powerful the doctor is and how it

works, with how many techniques, you

get the pleasure of performing in 12 times, another

video.  Where I have brought some more advanced

techniques with you guys

and let's see how this thing performs.

Till then if you have not subscribed then

subscribe now and

keep liking and sharing. Thank you

[appreciation]

[  music]

that a










Hello Hello students, so how are you all,

welcome to the best Mukesh Kumar, today I have

brought a video for you all where we will have a

toss attack, open it, dinner and

services tax i.e.

send more packets than the system limit so that it becomes N.  If you do

n't like the crush well today, if you ca

n't do your job, then let's start the next

video. America will tolerate the machine first

and here basically we should

appoint the first one. So enter by commenting

as many as they have.

Those who can see the alarm TRP which is one nine two

versus those who help us click here

then we will top it, you can see

here reduce it and it shows

that those who go to appear in our black meeting and

take commando to use  If we are going to

use Spinach Creamy Spinach, then let

's see that it works very well for

this, which through our appointment here, we will use

a lot of village Singhwa here, so if we

do it here, then enter, then what was written here is that

And once in the situation let's see whether there is

any difference or not. We can do it

tomorrow morning where basically the seat seems to be recovering.

You can see the likes in between. Subscribe now.

Something to subscribe the channel.  And if there

is, then here we have fielded in all, by the

way, we have turned it on, now we can see this

Panchami Cenotaph and it of the victim machine

machine and two

Soumya Parcha test has been run till the minute

and let's see in Matar Double.

Has there been any change? Let's open MS Word

so that this will be the last option. Okay, don't

wait, listen to today's video. To

access 2019, if you subscribe to the system, then

here it was that we

select in this way, in which different-  There is a different system

[music] or do it









Hello Hello Suresh, so how are you all? Welcome

to BSP tag. Ashish Kumar. Today I have

brought a video for you all where

we are going to watch what editing is about tension hijacking and

learn about it by doing Rajsmita.  Here

friends learning from total five what

is that station ka dhing violation more

inspector school station everywhere process

types of station for a shooting and

definition of dating in more start

so what is it and how does it work

that attacker cigarette  Control TCP

Communication Between Two Computers A

Query Only On Stop TCP Sniping

All Traffic Threes Valuation Idea

Notification So what's happening here is

basically tuition but what does association mean

mean someone else's rule going on

tuition hijacking in the middle  Lena or sleep

systems communicate with each other when

their communication gets established

then both of them have Kishan Reddy

Bolo on the biceps of that session bone do their work

as soon as it goes near the fashion end a line

if the option  If someone else

intercepts the ID and is able to guess it then it is called a

question whereas it means that you and I are

connected and I have given it to you for the conversation between you and me,

then

if the password I gave you is  If

someone else comes to know the password, he

can talk to him, then we call this

session hijacking, that is, the session ID you have,

which you think you are

connected to that person, it does not matter for how long you are connected,

but if

I am connected and you have the back side

according to which it is ready. If someone else

takes it then it will become functional. So here

these things are being told that what basically

happens is the communication that happens on the third level

i.e. between two systems.

Whenever any communication is taking place, it is only at the

beginning that this lotus sister link is there, only

then the station ID is

verified and this cotton ticket is

issued. Is it valuation ID or

not?  If it is happening only in the beginning, then

it is good, if someone else takes it, he

hijacks the rule, then he does

not need to verify, he can go back and continue his

fashion, then this is some mana

abilities and what is there here that

basically we  All the traffic that is there

can slide. After mixing it clean, we

take out the stationery in it. How to take out all the

traffic? We will slide all the traffic. It should go

after slapping so that whatever

data we have captured, we take out the instruction ID from inside it

and later  Ad

cuts it down himself and cold, that is,

for the convention between you and me, the

password that I had given was someone else who

shared it with me from there and authenticated

that yes brother, he is the same person, for now I

understand it and talk about it.  Do that if it is you then it

is not you, it is the attack which has done editing for

your city, now with whatever rights you have,

then it would have been fashion itself dating

i.e. fashion is being created by commenting between two systems.  The

price at which that

cigarette is being hijacked, this video itself can be hijacked

Sagun Point Whatever we have,

Violation Hijacking is a successful station,

but when we understand the brightness of the screen

and will see some shortcomings in it

due to which it is successful, then the first one is

invalid tuition.  ID and it is written next to it that the

account is locked, that is, as soon as one enters these relations, the

comment box will not be there.

If I invited you, if you

told him to arrest, then only the account will be there, I will

give you the option. If it says second, then you

can type from the forms.  Someone sees the middle

station ID generation and Gautam i.e. the

iodine time of making depression ID,

below the next next web development,

talk about it, in the whole country there is a madam function

which basically gets the quantum numbers,

so the process by which it is done.

Fashion ID is being generated, it has an algorithm, there are

many algorithms,

how can it be easily said that what next generation ID can be

created and if this is happening

then I can guess your suggestion ID

and your next generation ID will be generated.  I can guess that

after that you have to enter the insecure station

ID i.e. registration ID, it is going from one place to

another, its handling of these

coins and this is what it is basically

going without interruption, so its family

is this property, it is going from one place to another.  There is no shift in place,

it is not happening properly,

after that there is identification time i.e. session

timeout, there is also a thing that if two systems

are communicating with each other, then they

should have station time and that is

for minimum 5 minutes every 5 days of cricketers.

Tons of ammo, generate a new schedule and if

this is not happening, nowadays tractors are being

made with a security check in them that

whatever session is being created,

put a session timeout there so that after every few seconds we go

back and the

photoshoot gets created again.  But this is

necessary for security purpose also, if

I stole your show daddy and there is

no question timeout, that means if I

pass the question once, I

can remain logged in for lifetime in DRDO, then in that case

it can tell you a lot.  The one who has your

style is the item access, there is no

session timeout, after that

most of what happens is that

all the work is done through PVC pipe on someone and as

we saw that in TCP this

communication takes place.  Due to this, the session ID is

not being managed properly and hence the maximum

is reduced to

200 from the same connection as the one table startup,

only then the authentication of FD is done and

not after that.  If this is done, then there

are forces created due to this, so

what should be done to avoid this, then here it

is also given in the account that do not do any work without

interruption, this is an application,

₹ 1 should be charged there only.  So

it is more secure because first you will have to do that attack

rabbit medical dip, daddy

is obscene, when he will be able to delete it by gas,

after that you will be able to understand their salary and will be

able to guess the new ID, then your shadow which is going from one place to

another,  If it

should be encrypted, then these are some things. Friends, keep us in

mind to get the edition dated secure.

Next we have a session but

what is the process, how does the editing process

work, let us understand first of all this apology means the

data which is there is the captain's

secret.  After summing up, they are being taken, then it is

monitored, what happens in the meeting,

basically, whatever data is there, we

can see it and here it is being monitored,

seeing does not mean monitoring,

it means entering.  Analyzing

what work is being done, keeping an eye on exams,

meetings are being held,

after monitoring, we basically do session decentralization here, that is, we are

removing the tension of the other person,

decentralizing it and to disinterest.

After we go to Session and Predictions,

we are printing this

on the basis of algorithm, what happens when more than one

Tashan ID comes to us, that is, suppose the

process of generating the schedule is something like this,

then circulation reddy is found, there is 102, then

one on the other.  Circulation reddy found there

101 ml

You will be leaders,

that's why if I call me the fittest, that is,

whatever happens in the immobility station, New Delhi,

even

if I take more than 3 years in this format, monk Norberto, in any format,

then the defense between them.  If you

calculate, then I will be able to

do 10 on which algorithm to work,

then similarly friends, we

can also generate Vacation Reddy, we can find out in

which situation it

can be correct, so here we can edit and update.

After this, we are following the command injection,

then after that we have the

option of times, nation comes but how many

types are there, then editing is of types, the

first is money, second is active, now it

also works like this.  Fashion Dhingra

Basically we steal the data of other efforts

and forget what we are doing

in activation hijacking. Basically what we are doing is that

if the communication connection between two systems

was bad, then somewhere

in the middle, someone else is sleeping and the information increases.  The

question is related to you too

and while typing in it, he is trying to raise some doubts

or we have

sent a program to send a virus, wedding

shehnai transports till the time, if we

do something like this then back in fashion.  When the

question comes, here we see that

every station, while nine such models are being

used in the science model, there are

two things in it, first will be

in the network layer and second will be the application, neither

is basically a fashion in the village, but money

will perform.  So let's see the problem here,

Network Love Affair's can be defined the

interception of i.e. from here I

can intercept, I can subscribe, so as soon as I

can stop someone, then I

will do it there, so basically in this way, gh gh

gh controller.  This is a

tasty communication set in which what has been done is

generated, there we

can comment by gas in that session

or we

can take it by intercepting open gallery through return, so

interception is happening here also.  And like the

peacock is basically just in the rear, the gate toe

post injury data goes, from there we are

capturing that woman, so friends, this is

our video of today, you will understand that it

is a yoga session, but what is it, how does it work,

the types.  What will it become out of fashion?

So if you like this video, then

like and share it now and if you have

not yet subscribed to the channel then

subscribe for reference so that every upcoming

video gets updated from time to time.

See you tomorrow.  Till then with another new video

thank you a

hua hai

hua hai

do













Hello Hello friends, so how are all of you

welcome? I am Ashish Kumar, today we will

take a video for you guys and see

how we can do fashion hijacking and form

editing and

basically as soon as we post any post on any website.  When we

log in to the web application,

it gives us only one ID, which we would be

ashamed to say, how it is given, after keying the set, we

keep the revenue inside it, which is invisible, that is our style, which

tells us that our authority is working.  Are we logged

in or not? My professional health is

not well. If a problem arises, whoever has the ID appears to be

logged in and as long as that traction

remains connected, our time remains the

same and is removed as long as the

session ID is there.  We have till then we are in the authority

which is the monetary policy research team to enter my email id password

then the

option is there but what happens is the station will come

means our victim we have to

take that regression reddy and put it

in our own computer  Putting it in means that without

ID password, we

can take his watch in the soil i.e. without any tension,

if we do not take acidity from him, if we do not take his dead body,

then we

can run his account by logging in properly. Let us see this is possible.

That too we

can see by opening here on our right hand side

there we have basically

subscribe through this, first of all we have

downloaded

which will do the alarms so it will be visible to you white

activation basically alarm set

setting  No alarm, I got it done, this is

boxing profession weight, so you will learn to stop running it,

Dauntless Bateshwar

is Jhal and here which I have suited very much, it is

starting now, next on Monday,

we will talk about charts, I will talk about your show A  We have looted the window basic and on the

right side is our website,

now we will see that it works properly, already

how can we do hijacking, here we will do

something else, let's see

who is the interception in the trophy, everything is good,

set the proxy here too.  Now let me tell you here,

to set it, you basically have to

go to Princess 101, which is the

spelling of bird, PRO is extra, so if you

search by writing that, then the proxy

settings are shown, here you will get the

mail proxy configuration.  What has to be corrected is

more than 120 that here you will

get that option in the suit, now you can see but

it is strong, so we have mentioned both these things, we have

corrected the option and after that it is

OK, so the toxins present here

should be the vehicle.  After this, if you are facing

problem in opening any side, then

in that case you will have to install the certification. It is a

very easy process to install.

First of all, you have to download it, here you

will write

a

key in STD.  Now write 'end drop', 'std booth', '

enter', after that there is

no actor, but now as you will click on 'Share Certificate' here, '

Service' will be an option here and now we will save it,

this certificate will be downloaded here.

After that, you will see this video,

what will you do after starting the installation,

we will go to the settings, go inside the

diff, we will search for certificate, we will

write CERTI, so basically

here certificate unit certificate will be written,

now we will also do yagya, click on import,

select that file.  And a

popup box will appear in front of us, here

Mr. Should we ask for tax, then

both the options will suit, if

we will give it from inside, then the certificate will be given there, the photo

will go there, so that I can import it later, that is why I am

explaining to you, after doing all this like

That whatever proxy you have should

work well, that whatever browser you need should be able to

connect and work very well. Now because

we have done all the functions, so now we go to the

day of interception, here I

basically forward it to OK A

200  Here we have a normal page,

so we will take the login here,

first of all we will go to the liner,

we will talk on the phone and we

will log in here or through its injection, you auditor, I

will understand this, I have told you in the videos earlier also.

Explained Ad At present, I am not explaining it to you right now,

I do a login, just

assume that I am an additional login of Real,

then if a user login, then this

request is being generated, you can see the

request here which is  It will go there

to our server and will

bring a special ID for us, so we have to

right click on this request and

here we have to select don't and

intercept response to decide i.e.

do it in the interceptor which is the response so

that we

Now, as soon as we forward it, the

response will be sent from the server, then we

can see the response from it, that is, the

website, through this, is at this point

where the set is also written and its

value.  If there is a laundry request to test

post,

then this is the basic value. Login

request has its ego value. This is our

schneider telling whether this portion

is login, this will be the ID password of testis or

not if the username is logged in to test cricket in the password.

But here,

meet this list from inside, this is the city,

after which it will also be in the subject, he can login the account,

so now how will we perform it,

how will we get the use of it, if we want,

I can go to Delhi and set SEBI,

but my  Well we will process it, now we will

forward the request from here

i.e. the account is logged in but now we will always

lock the card in the village. Now suppose the

attack had stolen the registration ID, that attack

goes and I see the tappet from this tree on

any of this web.  If the expert of the site

goes to any page, then here I

went to the last one. Now this request is going,

inside this request I will also put the value of my key,

due to which I

can see it without entering the ID password. Then we  Login has

not changed, people will give them, I have

clicked here

and after clicking here, I will forward the graduation half test posttest which

was our parameter, login,

I will

forward it

when I am there, that means forward it as soon as possible.  There

is an option of people, it means that

I have not found the login ghost yet, I was not able to login

into the login page due to not entering the audio password.

If I go to any page,

I

can see my profile. Look here.  Someone is

going here also, I put if there is a station,

directly people have come, there

was

a text inside these, then here you can see that I am able to

access the account easily, I am able to

access the size of his account, authorities,

remedies.  To but messaged something to this person, I

can set the address but alarm, here

you have an option to set it. I understood

that if anyone of your session wants to take turmeric,

take it with any thought, through any address, it

is through tax, reply is through tax.

Or do you have any virus, for this

your father-in-law's kidney has been found by the police.

If by any thought he

needs your Idea which was nationwide, then he

can login to your session without

entering the password.  Today's video was where

we saw how important a

role the schedule plays. Because of the schedule,

we can login to any program without ID and password. We will

take slides in many

ways like this technique, I can take it in any

way below.  Can also take

A or

A

[Music]

Ajay Ko










If there is a restaurant, how are you all?

Welcome against W Tay Rashi Kumar, today I have

brought a video for you guys about editing

wave application, so let's see

what is going to happen about it, so here we have a

total of five subscribe applications that are used in

computer system.  It is a computer system

which subscribe subscribe our channel and like

Neeraj and send it using on then it gives the

next topic of ours which webs in how many

ways home subscribe here we say

that from time to time I attach with him  You

can subscribe

and after that we get that promise

contribution in the field. If you have

not subscribed to this channel then please subscribe

because by subscribing,

subscribe the channel

and password of the web server which you want to log in.

To fry them with this, this is our ghagra,

on that he comes wearing text,

after that we have such a cross sexual attack, so

this is what you are seeing, if we subscribe by

subscribing, if we

subscribe, first of all, network is very

important.  Like this model of ours,

subscribe channel, subscribe is

proper functioning, understand it, after that we will pass once

daughter scanning, we will definitely get all the

information,

understand the pass of doing this kind of work, submit dinner and dance,

we will do beta testing on it.

We will see where to

subscribe, village, subscribe, if we

try to subscribe then this is

called subscribing, first of all

understand something about it, subscribe,

Vrittasur al Next we have the concept

of web application contact web application.

What is that application?

On subscribing, subscribe and subscribe to that and this and both.

Do subscribe

and if you subscribe, then this is the

application. Let's see more things about this.

Like is a web application. Do not put it. Subscribe, do

not

forget to subscribe. Keep subscribing.  So that we

can do something very good like this, subscribe, if we

try to understand it, then you

can subscribe. What was the aloe vera question in this?

Its proper

scripted working

was being run in a small browser only, so if we have control,

then can we?  You can check similar ones

who can control Next

question: You

can decide to subscribe, how to subscribe is that in this,

gh gh control, now let us

try to take control, subscribe,

which will be in a taxation management.

That is, now because my connection has to be subscribed, Ghr Ghr

will take care of the management. Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe

Subscribe.

In the village, both of them work between them.

Till then, share your like

and subscribe with the Sangh. Thank you.

[praise] whether it has

happened or

not.










Hello Hello Suresh, so how are you all welcome to

the best text message Kumar, today

I have brought a video for you people where we will

do tanning web application content. Some of the

people will click on this.

After subscribing to this video, you will have to

subscribe here.  Use and

subscribe if you

start the withdrawal here, then you will have

a page like this in front of you, you have to

remember basically click on create YouTube here, here

we are

appointed here, subscribe here, appointed in every

village, subscribe in every village.  Do it here,

set them instead of scan, subscribe,

so here we have all the reports that we

want, we also do the

schedule stand and create scan

from each other, here now also for a moment, the

scan is done in the same order, it should start.  It has been completed and is

working very fast.

We have got many of these remedies just like this. Friends, let

us complete it. Let us see inside

how good is the report that is generated and

how many notifications

can we get. We can use this same process in any web

application.  This is what it is * You

can target it and scan it completely, here

I have gone to the beads and other places and let's see what is being

found, if we go to that tweet,

we can see the first

light which is 120th in every state.

PSP is showing in I love you are a left open is enabled

here ₹1 is open so here by the way

Girraj increase i.e.

can cause more harm to the British system, apart from that there is

some informative or below which

is informative vestige in blue color and this is some monte

Which is a part of misconfiguration, so here

I have mixed one in it, you can see the history, you are getting

to see the complete size picture

as to what the file is,

see how the file is being released inside the shoulder,

so here

without this mixed  The scanning is going on to show us in the events of the side,

its

intake is showing that the events that are happening right now are being

taken out. The professor who adopted

this here from Surya and had the scan results here, is

almost back. Mummy has done the scan.  We will

stop, do not scan further, continue the

result in the records, we will

get the normal report, we will

scan the stop here, after scanning the stop, there

will be a famous stop

here, in which the option of top depot is

melt.  This rule will go to

where the report can be generated, suggestions where the

option of generate report is melted,

now we will click on the engine report and

in which format we want the report, if we

want it, then I will click on continue here,

then this back report.

We will generate at least one report and let's see it.

And here as we click on download, the

file will be downloaded, so here we

can see the speed of the report. On

this occasion, it was told in Surya that a hydroid

was found in the media.  10 minutes more

informative and whatnot Okay, so here I will

tell you where she was found, now that it

can be understood well, so I have

taken it here and put it for this reason also, I

cannot do it for anyone, so I have included it in this section.

You can't do the same thing and

can remove it till then if you have

n't subscribed then do it now. Thank you, please do it.








Hello Hello Suresh, so how are you all? Welcome to Ajna's

Adult U Tech. Ashish Kumar. Today I have

brought a video for you. Hacking

Wireless Networks. Let's see what all are going to learn here today.

Today we are here

in total. We are going to learn that.

What is wireless network watching types of

fine questions types of electronics

and volume setting put message let's

start the man first topic which is to

understand about network network network how many can be there but

this is by subscribing to hr hr hr network

Gives, he hates, whatever goes is ours

or not ours, if Samsung accesses then the internet provided by us is consumed by the same publicly,

everything is available on the internet on which I do not

see any typing - something

more about  It is easy to understand, here are some types of

pollution networks, so many types of

wireless networks can be there, we will see them,

here are Extension-2 Wave Network

i.e. if you are trying to appoint wireless network subscribe and share, then

after that it comes to us.  These were the characters assigned to the device through the network.

Internet is required. Browser

or President. Rest of the devices are going to the Internet.

Multiple access points.

What can be seen in multiplexes.

From this point to this point, all the other things

are there except that.  You can see that those who

hate in our mobile

can turn on the hotspot in the device and then

share it for that so it means that it

shares you, shares the network,

we are also working with this here, see this.  In

this way,

what is not the balance, those who used to come, they are

still doing it normally, that is

WWE, they are not considered, there are

many questions

missing in it and the biggest thing is that when

we  We hate the system in

which it checks whether it is what it

is or not, so it is going to check

basically, so it

can see this password by doing this which

we have done here.  But WWW, which was

written lightly here, said that

19 times

I would have done it, but it was secure with WP, it was

not that much secure,

it required an institute, it was easy to

do only the password, after that

came wpa2, which is today.  Our Android device

can be seen on the side, which is

considered more secure than these two

because it has an ink tank and a password

or 120 more ads. If its configuration is

good enough, then it is

more secure than any other normal WiFi.  Here they

connect through WP, it is a

one meeting, that too is quite secured,

which was not so much in WP, it comes

back to him and here there

will be developers too, due to which it is advance secured,

he comes back to us.  This edition basically

comes in such a way that if the password is

sorted out in such a good way, then

frying it can take a lot of time, so

because of this, our WiFi is secure, so

this is some time-to-wife which is going

on.  Infection technique which is running in the form

which makes our device equal,

makes our WiFi coat, let's see next, next

we have types of forests,

how many types of churches are found in the device,

how many ways a virus

can be infected.  Let's see, first of all the

access point is then the mileage is the business point.

Denial of service is like share and

subscribe. The wires are in the device which is the

basic report which is 9th.

We are running office max. I am

fielding DSC because of that which is above ours.  There is

denial of service on this, Do comes wearing a

shirt, that is, if he wins the toss, he

can do it continuously, we can check that only

some of these passwords are there, that is,

subscribe so that you can see

how it works.  And subscribe here to

power saving attacks and many such

jeweler devices can be done. To

learn this, basically

Amazon Hotel will have to be properly configured and

it will not have to be kept in default condition

which is part of misconfiguration.  It

happens next, let's see the next balance,

we have that love setting, put the message,

yes, you have seen what can happen by hacking a virus device, what is the

process to do it, what is the step

by step process to be followed.  Let us

see and understand the WiFi

discovery first. What is most important is to discover a WiFi.

Basically you will have to target.

If you have to select then the

first thing that comes to mind is discovery i.e.

selecting the reminder. After that we

are back to GPS.  Mapping means seeing

how far that device is from us. Aman, there is a

difference between the two, which is my power coming,

how much is coming, that is, ours, you

can do this. Cross What is coming to you, then it is

very important to see its GPS settings.  Because it is

so far and the

maximum dropped from that is 5,000, then it is more

profitable for you, your job

becomes faster, after that comes to us the

virus traffic snarls, which is what we have done,

we took Vikram Everest to monitor mode

when all the traffic -  Whatever

traffic we do, we keep an eye on it and monitor

it, it comes in violence traffic

snarls, so here we have the data coming through

that router,

around the year after, we monitor that data,

address it, witch we  We will launch a

violent attack, that is, we will launch some attack on

this device, which is

not happening in it, we can take the old WiFi password,

we can do this, apart from this, we

can launch this which

I told you.  Told that

what can we do after doing this, we can do it like

I told you that after doing this

how GTA is done, we will fry the password if it goes to the

ant, if I am going to the hockey test

then what do I also

need to do.  It is not the person who used to go to

Dar Pat, we attended the promised A Wi-Fi network,

what is left where the ID password is returned,

our Wi-Fi password has come, so the

director told us that it will happen in 2015, we

can take his own place, we who

Basically, there are administrative permissions

i.e. we can replace the grinder, which is

done through networking again, the

result of which comes not by me but by wearing a meter,

so this was the students of our

video where I saw what

is wireless network and what is it and how.

What are the techniques involved while working and what

instructions are followed on them,

what attacks are done on them,

what is the process of doing attacks, so

we have seen this thing, to remain secure, I will

tell you the same thing.  Basically, you should

ensure that the website or address is

following wpa2 encryption, apart from the

notification light given by the CO, there should be

some configuration on that side, whatever

you

prepare, turn off the port forwarding

recipes, your mode should not be turned on, you  Which is the

deposit ID password of the router, which is the

admin login ID password,

do not change or keep the default password, these are some

tricks which you should follow to

secure your Wi-Fi. You

might have liked the candidate's video. See you.

Tomorrow with another video, till then if you do

n't like, share and subscribe then

do thank you now









Hello students🙂

How are you?

Welcome again to
 WsCube Tech.🙂

I, Ashish Kumar have
 brought a video for you

in which we will see how
 you can hack a Wi-Fi.

I have brough this video
 on wireless hacking

where we will see the hacking
 of WPA, WPS and WPA 2.

We will see how to perform hacking
 of all kinds of wireless devices.

We will see
 Wi-Fi jamming.

And we will also see how
 to do sniffing in Wi-Fi.

It means that we will
 see how to capture data

without connecting
 to any network

So, let's start
 our video.

We will turn on
 our Kali machine.

And here, we will
 use Wi-Fi stick.

We will use
 Wi-Fi stick.

And with this small Wi-Fi stick,
 we will perform Wi-Fi hacking.

We will gather a
 lot of information.

We will not just do normal
 password cracking.

We will do a lot
 more than that.

Let's start by opening
 our terminal first.

By opening the terminal, we
 have to give root permissions.

After that, please understand
 carefully what we have to do.

We saw in theory sessions
 how does a Wi-Fi work.

Our broadband
 allots IP to us.

It will send
 "Who is" request.

If we get
 connected to it

by pressing "Submit" button after
 entering ID and password,

a handshake
 file is generated.

So, we have to capture the
 traffic and handshake file.

How can we
 capture that?

We can capture
 that only when

our Wi-Fi stick or our Wi-Fi device
 is in monitor mode so that

it can monitor and analyze the
 data that is transferred around.

So, we can capture that
 data and passwords file

and then we can either
 crack it or read it.

For staring that,
 our first work is

to take the Wi-Fi stick
 in monitor mode.

Hence, I have used external Wi-Fi
 stick that supports monitor mode.

For that, you have to
 write ifconfig and

once test the name
 of your Wi-Fi.

As of now, there are
 2 Wi-Fi sticks here.

First one is the one that is
 in-built in my laptop i.e. wlan0.

And the second one is the one
 that I have just plugged in

 that has the
 name wlan1.

So, we have to convert
 the Wi-Fi stick of wlan1.

So, first let us
 write iwconfig

which will show us
 wireless devices.

And here, it is showing
 us wlan0 and wlan1.

If you note it here, wlan0 is
 connected to WsCube Tech

which has its
 mode as "Managed".

And wlan1 is not
 connected to anything

which also has its
 mode as Managed.

We have to change the
 mode of wlan1 as "Monitor".

We have to convert its mode
 from "Managed" to "Monitor".

So, let's
 start it.

When we change any settings
 or configuration of any device

then we stop
 that device first.

We don't do any changes
 in running process

otherwise it can
 corrupt some files.

So, we will write
 "ifconfig wlan1 down"

which will stop our device
 wlan1 for some time so that

we can do some
 changes in it.

Now we will
 write here:

iwconfig wlan1
 mode monitor.

We had to change its mode
 from "Manage" to "Monitor".

Then if we
 press "Enter".

Now, its mode
 is changed and

now, we have to again
 turn on this Wi-Fi stick.

So, instead of "down",
 we will write "up" here".

So, instead of "down",
 we will write "up" here".

And after writing
 "up" we will hit "Enter".

So, now our
 wlan1 is turned on.

Now, I will turn on the
 hotspot of any of my device

so that it should
 be shown here.

So, I have turned
 on the hotspot and

let's check whether the mode
 of device is changed or not.

We will write ifconfig
 and hit enter button.

We can see that the mode of
 wlan1 is shown as "Monitor".

Like the monitor of our
 class watches everything,

we have become the monitor
 now and we can capture or read

the wireless communication
 that is happening in our LAN.

Now, we will
 write here:

"airodump-ng wlan1" where
 wlan1 is our interface name.

As soon as we
 hit "enter" now,

we can see all the Wi-Fi
 networks around us.

So, some networks
 are shown here.

Now, we have to
 select a target.

The information that
 is shown here is:

BSSID which means
 MAC address.

So, all the values that
 we are seeing in BSSID,

they all are
 MAC addresses.

After that, its power
 is shown from which

we come to know
 how far or near it is.

Then, it will show us the data
 that is being transmitted.

If the data is fluctuating
 more then it means that

it is an active hotspot, users
 are connected to it and

internet is
 working.

Then, it is also showing the
 channel on which it's running.

It is also an important
 information for us

because we have to capture
 them on these channels only.

It is similar like the port
 on which it is running.

After that, it is showing the
 MBs that are being transferred.

All are having the encryption
 technique as WPA 2.

And all these
 are logged in this.

What do we
 need to do now?

Now, we have to
 capture their file

and we have to know
 more about them like

which users are
 connected to them and

what types of
 work they are doing.

So, let's
 see that.

Students, we have got all the
 Wi-Fi networks around us.

Now, we will select a network
 and start its scanning.

We will stop this
 here with Ctrl + C.

Since we have got
 the MAC addresses,

BSSID, ESSID and channel
 numbers of all systems,

First of all, we will
 select this MAC address

on which we
 have to attack.

We will copy it by the
 command Ctrl + Shift + C.

Then, we will write
 the command:

"airodump-ng -- bssid" and then
 we have to paste the BSSID here.

Here, we will paste the
 BSSID that we had copied

which is the MAC address
 of the victim machine

i.e. of the Wi-Fi that we have to
 hack or crack the password of.

So, we have entered
 the MAC address of that.

Then we will write "--ch" and
 write its channel no. here.

You can see that the channel
 no. of the BLESSED_Boy is 6.

So, we will
 write "6" here.

And then, we will
 create a file here

in which all the data
 will be captured.

It means that we are
 capturing the data

that is being transmitted
 by the people

that are connected
 to the MAC address

or the network
 on channel 6.

We are going to
 capture all this data

without connecting
 to that Wi-Fi.

For that, we will store
 all this data in a file.

So, we will keep the name
 of that file as "hacked".

Then we write "wlan1" which
 is the name of our interface

through we are doing
 entire scanning.

We will write that
 name as wlan1.

After writing this, we
 have to just hit "Enter".

Here, we have to use the
 package airodump-ng.

We have given this a MAC
 address through BSSID

which you can see here that
 BSSID was the MAC address.

We specified the
 channel and after that

we gave the file
 name as "hacked"

to capture the
 information in wlan1.

Then, we will
 hit "Enter".

Now, we have started
 monitoring BLESSED_Boy.

We can see how many people
 are getting connected to it

and the data that
 is being transmitted.

We won't be able to
 see the data here.

But the data that is being
 transmitted will be stored.

As of now, we can see that
 a user is connected here.

You can see here. This
 is our MAC address

and this is the MAC address
 of the victim or the hotspot

and someone is
 connected to it.

A user is added here
 which means that

a user is connected
 to this hotspot.

So, for connecting, it might have
 sent a handshake file to this.

As soon as the user pressed
 Submit by entering the password,

a handshake file might have
 been sent to our hotspot.

Now, we have to disconnect
 this user so that

it can send handshake
 file for connecting again.

Though it doesn't
 send manually but

system sends it automatically
 while connecting every time

so that it shouldn't get connected
 if password is changed.

Here, it is written as
 "interface wlan1 down".

Here, "Handshake file captured"
 will be shown to you.

If it shows "Handshake file", it means
 that Handshake file is captured.

For that, first we will
 disconnect this user.

As soon as this user
 tries to connect back,

we will get
 his password.

So, let's open new tab and
 we will send the packets.

So, we will send
 de-authentication packets

to disconnect
 this user.

For that, we will
 write a command

in which we will use
 airplay-ng package

and here, we have
 written "--deauth"

which is generating the
 de-authentication packets.

They will be generated for 10
 seconds which means that

10 requests will
 be generated.

Then in "-a", it
 is mentioned

from whom to
 disconnect which is

the MAC address of our hotspot
 whose password we want.

And the system to which
 we have to disconnect

is mentioned in "-c".

So, we had to disconnect
 this user from our hotspot.

You can see that, we had to disconnect
 this user from our hotspot.

We have filled the
 details to disconnect it.

And we have specified
 the interface at the end.

As soon as
 we press "Enter",

the de-authentication
 packets will be sent

and that user will
 be disconnected.

So, you can see that the
 user tried to connect again

after getting
 disconnected.

And we have captured
 WPA handshake.

The MAC address is
 written in front of it.

It tells that we have captured the
 handshake file of our hotspot.

Now, we have to crack
 this handshake file.

So, is this session,
 we have seen that

 without connecting
 to a network and

by taking our system
 in Monitor mode,

we can see the data in
 the surrounding networks.

Then, we can disconnect
 any of its user.

It means that we are
 doing Wi-Fi jamming here.

We are disconnecting
 any user and

it can't use Wi-Fi
 until we want.

If I wrote here "100"
 instead of "10",

what would happen
 in that case?

It means that until these
 100 requests are sent,

this user
 can't connect.

It means that we are not
 letting this user to connect.

So, this is
 Wi-Fi jamming.

We have seen
 Wi-Fi monitoring.

By setting ourselves
 in Monitor mode,

without even connecting
 to any Wi-Fi

we have disconnected a user,
 read and captured his data.

Now, the process of
 Wi-Fi cracking comes.

If your Wi-Fi is old or if it's
 new like WPA or WPA 2

then the difference
 between these 2 is that

in the old Wi-Fi,

the password that used to be
 sent in the handshake files

wasn't encrypted.

That was
 easily readable.

Hence, it could be
 cracked easily.

But the passwords that
 are sent in Wi-Fi in WPA 2

are encrypted which
 use WPA 2 encryption.

Here, we have
 to crack that.

There are 2
 processes for that.

Let's start the
 process to crack it.

We have already captured 
the handshake file.

So, we will let this
 process run for now.

Now, we will type
 "ls" and hit "Enter"

to see the place where
 that file is captured.

Our file name
 was "hacked".

We will see
 in "hacked".

You can see that the files
 named "hacked" are generated

because the process was stopped
 once and it was again started.

So, the "02" file is useful
 for us and among these,

the file "hacked-02" is useful
 for us which is .cap file.

Our handshake file is
 captured in capture file.

We need this
 file only.

Our password is
 in  this file only.

And we have
 to crack this file.

We can use 2
 things for cracking.

If we had to hack
 an old Wi-Fi i.e.

if it had been the Wi-Fi
 before WPA i.e. WPS

then how would
 we have cracked it?

There is an easy
 process to crack that.

We have to write "aircrack-ng"
 then the file name.

As soon as we write the
 file name and hit "Enter",

aircrack-ng tried to
 attach its wordlist but

it was not WPA.
 It was WPA 2.

This encryption technique
 was an advanced one

and encryption
 was involved in this.

Hence, it could
 not crack it.

And since it could not read
 its password by default,

it will ask us
 for a word list.

You crack it through a word
 list because it is WPA 2.

So, now we will
 attach a word list here

which we will
 attach using "-w".

We have a word list in
 our Kali Linux machine

 with the name "Rocky.txt"
 which is a very useful word list

in which, there are good
 passwords already present.

It is very
 good list.

So, we will try to crack it
 using this word list only.

For that, we will
 write its directory as:

user/

share/

wordlists/

and then
 "rocky.txt".

You can see
 here that

 its proper location is
 "usr/share/wordlists/rocky.txt".

If you are using for the first time
 then keep one thing in mind that

this rocky.txt file is a zip file.

You have to unzip it.

For that, you will run
 the command "cd" and

enter in "usr/share/wordlists"

and if "rocky.txt"
 file is zipped

then you will unzip it by
 writing unzip command.

Then, you give
 this location here.

As soon as I
 press "Enter",

it has cracked the
 password so fast.

As of now, my
 password was "password".

So, it has
 cracked it.

And it cracked it with
 a very fast speed.

aircrack-ng does the task
 of cracking very fast.

Even if there is some typical
 password in this wordlist,

it will perform good and
 it will crack the password.

This was
 for demo.

We will see how to
 generate a good word list

in the cracking
 section ahead.

We will focus on that
 and understand that also.

That's it for today.

We have seen how
 the Wi-Fi is working,

how handshake
 file is being sent

and how we can capture
 any handshake file

by going in the
 Monitor mode.

We saw how to disconnect
 any user for any time

without even connecting
 to that hotspot.

Friends, I hope that
 you liked today's video.

Let's meet with one more
 new video tomorrow.

If you have not
 subscribed yet

then do
 it now.

Thank you.🙂

***Music***










Hello Hello Suresh, so how are you all, hope you all are doing good, I am

Ashish Kumar, today you

guys are also going to find out

who is the mobile platform mobile and it

is necessary to be appointed here, here is the total

longest platform in mobile in China.

Lastly, we will see that our topic

which is the reason for subscribing to the website, the

answer is that we understand that this is a mobile device, so

here basically if it

is connecting to WiFi then it means that by

clicking on the internet in two ways.  Subscribe,

if you can't do it like this then

show the Bluetooth setting from there.

Bluetooth setting will be left or

compromised and here if we

talk about International Play Store then

you will spend more than half on Play Store also.  When the

application is updated, you should subscribe soon on Play Store

and keep this thing in

mind, after that I

can get Ghagra done in this way, for which

subscribe this channel,

subscribe, then where is the mobile device,

after that we will see.  Now over what we

have, what it does is it increases every time by

subscribing to every system by decreasing them, if you can

control it then subscribe this system,

like and subscribe,

then you can see this.  If we are

talking about someone else then subscribe

through Mauritius and in some different way that through that

also if someone takes that data then he

can complete it, then our latest

and what is happening is not secure but there should be

secure data storage.  He has returned

these coins. Communication is

also secure, that is, if we are communicating with someone,

we are creating hair, let me

chat with someone, then today the

text is going from one place to another, it is

not going encrypted.  If it is just because it

is not Enfield, then it is incident

communication. By spending any 20 minutes, the

son can learn those values ​​from him

and the father. These security questions and

questions which are asked are also quite complete.

Subscribe to our channel.

Subscriber has a

college, if we use operators,

then there is also these security questions here,

after that comes back the information that means what we

see till now is this

test and why it is not there, why it

is not there because of infection problem.  If it is not coming, then

send it here that

all these things were gone in your mobile due to which

you cannot subscribe to our channel, after that we are back to reverse

engineering mobile repairs, we

will cut it, so let me tell you.  In which

way and after this we will see that in the same

way, now let us see here, first of all,

as I told you, if the person is

not subscribed, he does

not go here, then we

stop the updates with the efforts of

Updates.  Discontinuation means that even today there

was some problem in running the old weighing application, hence it was newly released, so

whatever system they have made, they are

not able to do any work, you

could click on it and do that.  If you can, then you can do all these

things by subscribing to our channel. If

you can subscribe, then for that

application,

in this video, I will tell you that we have a

Gmail ID, which is the account login in the system in the village,

how much

privacy is that for me?  They can click on it or

all these things have been leaked from our privacy site. If you have a complaint in the station,

Big Data Security, the data is

fine because of the notification and photography,

then follow the permission

permission i.e. you one or the other.  Applications store

if a normal airplane

which does not need some things, still some

things are allowed, if you are

calling then truecaller open file

manager, it needs permission to record audio,

that is basically just your caller ID.  If you want to

set it when someone calls you then Candy is telling that there will be

many such applications

in your mobile which have some

permissions which you have noted down which is not a policy for them

but by using one permission they

are taking our data.  The

privacy of our data is being fixed,

after that there is communication security with CPI (M) also,

which we saw, then the

communication that is happening in that too, why is it

not there, there is no deposit, anyone can set it up,

I have tomato.  The dream is resolved in different ways.

What is left behind is possible.

Disturbance is possible. Ghee. See this. It is

most important to be appointed in this manner. He can

subscribe anytime on your mobile device. Like,

comment, share and

subscribe.  Subscribe for this, it

locks your locks, do that and

subscribe, there are

dual apps, download them,

apart from this, if you

friends, do not use any such application at all, AstroSage,

do it thoughtfully, after that we are back, the thing is

device update Google.  Android device you

need, update it,

subscribe to the second one, village where you can

get your Android mobile,

till then subscribe with another video,

thank you [

praise] [

music]

[music]

hua hai do









Hello Hello friends, so how do you all subscribe to the

appointment of Welcome Identification Kumar by

SMS or any video,

subscribe

different subscribe

time will be total, this does not bother him, he

spends the notification amount and this is the thing which

bothers him and  To make matters worse, if

you are unable to

perform other tasks on your mobile due to the disease,

then this is a remedy ring.

This is normal to trouble someone,

so let's see how it can be done.

To avoid this, we can do so, so let's

write here under now

that we can see

this speed one in front of this creative vitamin, we will click on this picture

as the youth have

done and after that we will go to download 157

one  Village basicly appointment to subscribe

subscribe

can see here and subscribe

here appointments can quickly use it I

stayed in

that pakistan weight mr told that you

must have a license you will get installed on piece sexual hatred

If we are appointed from here,

we subscribe here, it is a

village to appoint here, it is

true

that I can see here, if the interview is not demanded,

we will tell you to continue, then

here whoever is positive

will automatically update it.  This Subscribe to

Magnificent

Jhal

happened here, here

I am saying, press Any

key to continue to enter, okay the

table has started, subscribe, so there is an

option here that if you like anyone,

subscribe, then I am here.  Here

I have sent a message to mobile number here mobile number

here that I will do it here

tomorrow morning send five SMS desi ghee on your mobile,

tap once, I will give and

mental, after that he will ask if there

is a difference but this thing  Keep in mind

from how many seconds to send an SMS. If

SMS does not matter then make it routine

secondary, no one will come, set maximum

settings but if you call

mummy, keep in mind that if the call comes then

it takes the process.  So subscribe edifice 2030,

as many as you subscribe, for

this, appointed to subscribe for such,

subscribe and here, appointed at

your place, all the romantic princes interpress,

start from time to time on my mobile,

village

's option of every 5 years, A

A, stop here.  But I happened to know

that others here you can see that this

problem has already appeared on my mobile,

so what should I do now, now I will talk about that,

subscribe for that,

enter, now we click here.

That here is the Twitter demand from this,

first of all after writing the country code and mobile number contact

number as you can see

here appointed on Thursday subscribe

and here the

phone number of the price which is in the village will keep it as v5

village like I am inter press  So

here on the album invest system, it is

posted here

[Music]

I am Surat, here I stop it,

basically call them Vyas has come, so

here in SMS, we take them out,

clear this information from me for a minute.  You

can still call, then you

can only Mirchi medium, for that you have to enter,

here we have to select the third number option, which is

village number option, it is

happening continuously, we will appoint you here,

message here and our channel.

But if you definitely get this, then friends,

you will get this video. If you have subscribed to this channel,

then we hope that you would have liked today's video.

See you with another video.

Till then, if you have

not subscribed like then do it now.  I am

thankful to everyone for calling me.










Hello Hello friends, how are you all welcome? An

unknown person has brought a video for Ashish Kumar Babbu.

As far as you can see,

you can install the Android application

on your Android phone. You

can subscribe by sending a message to the children.

To subscribe, you can see here.

Click here. If

you subscribe, Sangh's Gaon

Kot will be installed here, like it starts every year, you

can see here on our virtual

Android Device.  It has started, now we have to

click here

200, we will basically install the application here, the

name of that application is

Festival Marine Karne, we will just

go to the house and meet here, the cost of the clash will be

plastic, this will be written, you

can see.  We are here to tell you that I am living separately,

we will not repeat

it again, we can basically download it from here and keep it.

If we want, we

can do it from here like subscribe

subscribe, the

application was installed.  If it is done then you

should like it. Children, after

starting there, we asked to generate a pin here

so that we can open the chilli, then

I will set it with the pin. Continue here.

Should we use updates or not? From Saudi

Saudi  We will make entries by doing Saudi,

here we can search here

that we have our APK file here, we have converted it to

MS Word, whatever record will be there,

then it will be inside the same, so we can open it here and it was

done.

That here we will turn it on also, it is

telling in the services search that we will follow the size

so that if anyone else can record it also,

here basically the earning system has stopped,

now let us type something or the other and

see.  Will it be recorded or not? Will it be done? I close the

message. Now let's go,

look at my clock, what should I do that I

am here, we have to

enter our PIN, here we

had kept it in this saree, here we can see

that subscribe.  If you do then here you

can see that youth subscribe if you

can subscribe to something then see you

with another video till then if you have

not subscribed then do it now

for good videos see you

with new videos.  That

[music] has

happened









Hello Hello Suresh, so how are you all? Welcome,

unknown person comes to subscribe to our channel for Yash Kumar,

then we will open it here,

first of all you have to take

Modi by going to the Sangh, here I am

here.  But if you subscribe to your YouTube channel,

comment, subscribe, subscribe,

and we don't know for what reason it is

subscribed,

then we should keep in mind that

our images are amazing, if you subscribe to its Google Play

Store.  Meaning,

if anything except you

does the work of photo editing, do it so quickly and

subscribe that I click here on

my place, a little bit of Time India,

then here I can download all my

data, such a dream.  In the option available, I

am my own doctor from anywhere in the Parliament, so you

can see here in the download, you can

download the company, once you can download the Bloody Mary, then

after that it

is not a trivial task to database it, here if I click on time.

So you can see,

basically it will start telling me that I

click on your website and

subscribe. You should take care of this thing here, you

can find out that here I subscribe and you have

added obscene content, this is also a lot of things.  In

this way, you can find out which brush you have

taken and a lot of information like this, there is

definitely history, what I do,

all those things are recorded here, which will

not be mixed with ghee, below,

my contacts are also there from here.  Keep it updated, that is, whatever

is there in my mobile,

subscribe to Ghaghra. Now one more thing, here

I am appointed here

that Subhe Singh, I have given this password of this tree

here. If you go to the password manager, then

whatever your related subscriptions will be.

So all of you can log

in here and subscribe, you can do this,

Hello friends and family, if you do the hospital,

then basically you have already got the

details of my device, so I am testing it from here,

right?  So if I can return from there

then I will put it here and for that

I can't make appointment from here

so where is the device, here

you have these

questions were our napkin that

look at the history we have and if you look then so much  All the

information, whatever soon, how much

you have, if no one has it, what do you do,

where are you, if you do something like this for someone,

then you should take care and

apart from this, you have also subscribed to my channel

here if you are there.  Jogi  If you

keep our company details while keeping email login, then friends, that's all we get for today,

till then with one more video, like,

share, subscribe, thank you [

praise] [

music]

or

[music] do it.









Hello Hello students, how are you all,

I am Ashish Kumar, today I have brought you this video

on cryptography, so today we are going to see, there are

many things about cryptography,

so

what am I going to learn here today?

Students learning total four things, we will

see then who are the words and citizens of these tracks.

We will start with some profits used and

commitments. We will start

with our first topic which is What is

Cryptography? What is Chipk Rashi?

We will understand about it through these points.

So let's see the conversion of data

in the cafe, basically the data is converted,

then convert it, that is, the

update present here and in which format it is happening,

they are converting this crumble to the shift madam data,

they are converting it into inserted format.

Why to save it,

how to save data, e-mail

messages are freed and web

transactions can come and go by fitting

i.e. depression, two values ​​are necessary inside it, to do next

they come secretly.

And here we have four objectives,

so basically the gift office of the person is following the

risk. If we look further, the chat

is following this and here at the moment we are

changing the data and increasing it

so that someone else can use that data only.

To save that data, you must have understood,

so that education and

password are entered in the login page, that data is written in the login page. If

we have a system, all this

is started by talking to someone, then

whatever messages are there.  All these things are being transferred

so that no one else can interfere with it, so

this is our understanding in this, so here

we will see how it works, if

someone does it so that

no one else can see it, then it is giving.  Intercity

Ayan and basic commands are being integrated

and after that, who is able to

see the signification, that is, the one who has a

password, who is a little

sick of him and has supported all his privacy policies,

can only see it.  So this

is a cold question and no decoration means

basically which is our code 19 feet i.e. which is

its output i.e. suppose if I

generate anything through letter then

it will not come again and again.

In that case, the values ​​that we are

encrypting are more secure, so

please, ours are very high,

next let's see, the types of

cryptographic we have are so tasty, so

please, basically there are 2 types, the first one

here is from limited end channel.  Matriculation

Certificate Scientific Perspective Rather

Difficult How the work is very easy in both, if

we do anything then there is only one which

has the public key and that is with the administrator and the

rest are with the users who have the

permission to access this data.  If

anyone has one, he will be able to delete it after data entry, will be able to

read it,

can share it with others, so here there would be

only one key, it would be interpreted that

in Edison metric, basically here it

is of two pieces, do not vote for power.  Has been run in which the

public key is private, then Pagli has

2014, if it keeps decreasing, then the bus update

which you can read

cannot make any modification in it, which is private key,

after that it is complete, that is,

it has internet access.  Decreasing it and doing

some modifications inside it, then these are two

formats for applying cryptographic

and cement of symmetry. Last boat, now we

will understand some more things

about cryptography in which comes friend tips i.e.

what are the tips in the sticky one,

basically we  Whatever process we follow, we

support you in calling

Chipak, Chipak deals with the states in a different

way, keep it on high,

then we will see about them, here we

have the type of tips, first of all,

mode on Chipak, now modern chips.  There

were some great dividing inside, who will understand the biggest

business from the classic Chipk Mouni Par Chand,

inside this you can come, what is the substitute chipk tube

chipset, how does it work, then this

written block is printed place

witch protects i.e. it is a block

of plain text.  Whatever our taxes are, they are basically

replaced through the stick tax

box, so when we have to delete it back, we will

basically replace them from the box.

Through this test,

it happens that whatever box is at the top is

basically converted.  Does the test with her nipples

text Passes Songs

Position Stick What is it doing The name itself

tells a lot The letter of the

planet Ashif About to the form of the K

program i.e. what to do basically the

latest  If someone changes their position, then here they keep it

up every day and what is the logic and what is the

texture, it is

saying its position, that is, the update is also

not double, it is a ribbon, it has a confident feeling, it is such that

not everyone can understand.  If we can print it

here through this format, the transposition stick

is there, while changing the position,

Hussain does the clip which could not fit even

inside the modern stick, Jain type of key is used,

we will find different chipsets inside it, basically we have

differentiated it in two ways.  If we

comment the key value then there are two

types first of all, private key and public,

not private and public.

If we do any data point on the basis of key then it

comes without type of key used i.e. which is in

Russia.  Gifting the return to everyone where

I am telling the juice of the scene were pointed properties

which private Jyoti I

saw about it and in the data inside the cement the

private key has a lot of authority

which can enter the data and

can also decrease.  If you are able to

see inside the bank public, then what is the different

thing and what is used for nipple that are

two different things, for encryption, the

reaction of depression, both the places

cannot be used, which can

shift more in private.  So this comes if we

indicate our data ok then net is hidden and

pass is sworn type of import

data i.e. following the

basis function of the data that has been input and stick in it. Let's

see how here.  And what does it do on the box?

Entry clock of date of its

size i.e. the data feed size it picks up

witch encrypts it and

proposes it on the basis of data protection,

job information increases it

i.e. writing your name.  The entire dongri used to

work on feet only, will pick up the admit card in your name,

click on it,

only the teacher of such a person will do it, then it

picks up on clock off, improves it, so here

is the blog tips in date off in food taster.  He is increasing the toe.

Patience comes back. Principal. What does it do?

Inscript continues team update i.e. continues toe increases the

data.

It does not work in the box, that's why it is

called team stick. Who is this, so why

do this?  There are some chipsets or nipples which

Mr. Data spends

with different purposes if data in Pune system has to make

changes on it or there is a classic

stick in it inside which we will see the highest

points by changing the position of the stick felt

if they are encrypted.  If we are doing then

it was chip city, next sees suggestion,

we have Had Interruptions Algorithm i.e.

our saw chips are working in different ways

here from Pocha Khurram which

encrypts those values ​​and

what attacks are tried inside them.  They are done, that is also

told to you, so you can see,

first of all, the rules of the question are their working

structure, they are told about TV and box

and time is spent on non-attachment,

they are told in which

you must have heard the dedication back.  In which 25625

is your most tuition permission, which is

basically its working structure, it is encrypting

our data through circulation,

after that it

encrypts the data which is in 256 128 bit format.  And if we see

SSP comes wearing a top, he is such a tight channel,

like this, here some points are done by technique,

basically by algorithm, like RC quarter inch,

see here these are 200 abs, if this

works, then this is the work he is doing.

Click on how much do you work,

subscribe to us, like and

subscribe, send a

term deposits calculator and such

cigarette, you can subscribe for the appointment by generating

such as you will

get on Play Store and to subscribe.

Subscribe for our Subscribers are

appointed

Profit

is basically Microsoft's professional tools

Counselor Script for Gain and definition of

packages for Twenty20 Cricket Tours Profit is basically Microsoft's professional tools for Twenty20 Cricket Tours

Want to appoint our data in the back side

if you search this Subscribe I have given

our  If you have been appointed then here you

can see the quantity of subscribe here and

do this and if

you want to see the dam then how you can see a lot of

these tractors in village, today's video where

we saw how we take difficult use

so that then the work  What is its infection

technique?

How do you use the chipset? How did you basically

disassemble that chipset? It will be used here. If you like this

video, then let's meet with another video.

Till then if you like, share

and  Subscribe Thank You

[Praise]

[Music] It

happened

that a










Hey Subhash, how are you all in some other

language? Ashish Kumar, this time again

on the demand of all of you, duty has

brought for you all an

advanced course of penetration testing, that is, after such a collection, we here,

our Roshan Singh Sikarwar.  In which

bug bounty hunting has been kidnapped, let's

start our video. Today's

first video of ours is penetration

testing introduction. Let's see here I have

given the total here,

first of all do subscribe our channel

topic which is for intestine.

Keep looking at those points and how it works, then subscribe here.

What is that called? Because in this we do

complete testing of a system

as a black hat hacker would do. So

what do we do here? Basically a penetration

testing is done.  If the company of the system is

dating, then it

can be considered as a cyber attack, but if the chilli protest itself will

not be considered as undesirable, here the

process is done step by step, that is, we are the

biggest information gathering network, we do

not do animation.  If you

follow the process of Ability Assessment,

then here the penetration testing

step by step process is completely explained

about it, it is found against your

system, now the friend at interest, who

goes to whom, is maintained on its own system

and itself.  For example,

Guru company comes to me and says that you should

draft our system, what is

missing in it, I should tell him, keep your beauty open,

basically, by keeping his backbone Tuesday above,

someone's system is just development.  If I can

report, then he is getting

penetration testing done on his own system.

Penetration testing is done

on his own system, his own system is secure

for you. Next We have chatting, no

media activities, what are the cyber attacks

we are doing because so that our system

We have found a reduction in Suzy attack here,

we have found it positive in our machine, there is a reduction in some losses

and how much loss can be caused due to this deficiency, keep in

mind that there should not be so much

loss in anything that the company does not suffer loss,

we have found out the increase in their small  So

that I can cause so much loss, so we

made a report to the company, there were so

many shortcomings on the website of the company, so much loss can happen,

so this loss

can happen, and what should you do?  What should you do

in the report,

how did you get the order, while in the report, we

tell you through the proof of concept through the thirsty, we have you like what is

and faxes, that is, we told you the closed thing,

we told you how to make it, next, after

all, our lining.  Understand, tell us

how it can be improved, how can Meghnad be

removed, so here we

grow the roots of the penetration testing system and later

work to appoint it, then it is complete,

this is called channel.  It is not subscribed

that it is easy and for a long time Badal

needs pension, that is why we need

security in our system, that is why

he has to find the loophole in the cross and

generate its report, try to attract the sentences, use

Vikas Hamara.  The

system should be secure.

Basically what we have done for the base testing is that our website should be found and we should

secure our system.

Security is the sleep of penetration testing. Next let's

see

what we have next. When does the pages of penetration testing

come into operation that here is its

Complete attack attack and status and

click on continue here, then basically we will get the

system testing done and tell us what we will do. If we

can remove this shortcoming, then first of all, we should ensure that

someone

's system is not compromised due to the use of chilli.  Before

securing your system, a

good man is white, basically,

secure it by doing bank attack attack, i.e. during that time,

what is happening here is

that the Mali caste community is being affected by the same

but other wider how blue hair.

You must have heard the writings, Beauty is Marathi,

what do they do? They are basically a team.

Blue team protects its system

from being compromised and

constantly tries to mislead the rating system.

Many big companies keep such a team.

So that their

system is continuously secure, if

both of them die then basically

what else is the routine here, whether they are saving their system

or they are saving them.

Life hacks are happening continuously, so here

also during attack.  The process is a phase of penetration

testing, after that comes the

post attack, that is, now I have the system,

some of my data has been removed, if it is not done, then

after my company decoration, this is the next issue,

how can I win the trust of those who have my alarms?

I will secure it properly,

Hey

Surma, next time, nothing like this

can happen, so basically after attack, when I

try to secure my boss, then he will use the

post office penetration testing

on other teams here in which we

can shrink our system and  The difference is in the time duration,

this is before the cut, this is during the

attack, the batting is a

good example for you and the third

point is basically the after attack, which is

followed by a lot of people, it is

felt after the attack.  That

how much security of the system matters?

Next, students see. Next, we

have the Federation Testing Education

Standards Act, i.e. the methodology to execute penetration testing.

We can say

what is the process, so let's see

first of all the free engagement interactions, that is,

before that we have English.  Basically, we will have to

make a central snowman subscription, we will have to

understand about its working, how it will work, then we will have to create this instruction first, after that we will have to

understand well, how we will have to

collect its information, intelligence

gathering, what we do, how the features

and inter result.  It is basic and all in the day.

What programming language is this site

using? What is being used in the frontend?

What is being used in mining? Is the

validator leaking?

According to the lesson of Intelligence Gathering,

take this in the web application firewall use.

All things intelligence gathering market

attention we you can come track mode write now

friend morning what is name time a lot of things are being

understood basically

nectar for all the sons who could sleep we have to see that

all these things information gather almost open

pores  Also see, we have seen the website company

structure but there is engagement, its

point has been explained, if we do everything after seeing the peas,

then what are the attacked for which we

can go here, catch them in tax and try it, we will

see, tourist can go here wearing

this top.  You can wear it and go to these places, so

all the

parameters, values, zone information are there in the eyes and

this and all that tightening comes inside and

after that what we do, after that we

do them recent, that is, we have seen all the parameters

in the six eyes.  Now we will conform on these, after

trying the heart attack, it

says here that no, what we have done basically,

first of all, we

understood about him related to that system, we understood his batting,

after that, all the information like and

which and front is difficult.  Vacancy in news,

programming, am I taking it, what is the

environment, how secure can it be on this issue, will they

give questions, take alarm, then

after understanding all these things, we will look at

all the shortcomings that may be there

in the eyes of doubt.  Whatever can be created, I have kept them

separate and after that we will

look at the British here, we will do the real test and

see whether the British are actually made here

or not, after that the next

process is that of exploitation i.e.

what can they do through the British.  There

can be a strike i.e.

company data can be accessed through extension and if

you work a little harder then you

can also get terminal access i.e. selectors,

take kudos for this, we will do it, basically we will do whatever you

can, then we will not give exploitation on it.

Exploiting the beads that we collected in the class so that

we can know how much danger can be there

and to secure it, we can

take more of your options. Narsamma Pass Nutritious

Position Basic Post Production is being used in

this process.  What is happening is that

here like we add peas and

after clarifying if we can keep the connection for future time

also or do something such

that the connection is said to be forever

then the same goes here also.  That there

can be so much trouble that if I ca

n't do it, then I could have deleted it

from the system forever by doing it very tightly,

then it has really come to light

that it is

necessary that you found out the loopholes, got them

exploited, did anyone listen to you, did you take permission?

Come, you did it with the security, basically

you had given written permission to do

testing in your system, we will take care that there is no

damage to your system, after that what

work we have done that we will report to you and

reporting is very important to remove those shortcomings,

so friends.  This is our

video today in which you must have

understood a lot about penetration testing,

do it, do

it.









Hello Hello friends, how are you all, welcome to

Against the Best, Ashish Kumar, today I have

brought a video for penetration testing Bapu on Mission Gallery, where today

we will keep Nishank and some more adventures about him,

so let's see this

learner in the morning and evening.  There are total three

things to be learned here, what is the

introduction to information, types of passengers,

under the mission, which we have seen earlier

and the new topic is what is looking for,

i.e., what do we need, under the mission,

why do we basically look at the machine?  So let's

start with a little revision, we will also do a little revision.

Basically, the first topic, what is the

information fabric, we will understand it through some points, we

have understood it two days ago, once

again we will look at the personal details,

what all we gather, first let's look at the personal

details.  Gives complete details,

takes system information, what are all these things, what are

we doing, more role nutrition byte will

come, that is, all these things, someone's

personal details, someone's company details,

even if I am able to make out less about the company,

how easy it makes it.  How big of a

staff she has, what technology she used to work on,

knowing all these things and

also understanding the Twenty-20 related to it, all these things are

special tips for the learner, so here we

are related to the life of her entries and

also-  With the technology which the company has used, what

is Bhoomi Soon? Basically,

friends, let us understand about it better

so that our famous person

can easily understand it.

I have explained about it very well earlier also, so these

things  Basically,

after getting good information about a person, if

we attack a person, then we

can take good commission from him. Let's see next, we have a

topic. On the day of Times of

India Mission, we saw information of

2 ways in the same way.  First Active, Second Pacific

Activate. What is the difference in the West?

Inside Active, we basically update our targets on the

internet. If there is

less heat from somewhere, then he knows that someone

is trying to know something about me or

he is not aware of it.  Call me, send me an email at

this time, calling, mailing, let's do this thing,

button, we are directly interested in him,

he is feeling that someone special is

trying to connect, information link,

then this is called acting soon, West,

what do we do, third  We get the use of party,

we will try

here, we will see about it, we will

read some things from related comments from many rivers, we will do some

other dinner survey somewhere else, it

is a saffron function, that is, when we get

information about a third party staying away from it.

We call that packing machine

gallery den. The main important topic we have is what you were looking for i.e.

what do we want because if we

want to understand anything,

then here first of all we need which is

basically many missions.  Is coming i.e.

contact number, all these things which I will

find in all these things, then it

will be for us because if

all the

information was taken through the question machine, then Mishra's social

engineering and if we can do some typing test

then it was that  It is very

important for us, remember BN Singh in the mission,

Dominica will also come, inside which we will

also see that the domain name of the domain will be looped, start the

game so that when was the dormitory

purchased, what is the expiry date of this dormitory, who is

its administrator?  Who is there, these things

can also be done on one and a half number, website

technology, nice information gathering, we

see what is the website technology, what is

our target, in its dialect, I

open the application and the application is Android application, so

this section is any of its software,

our job is to know this.  It is very important to know

what its technologies are, i.e. what is it basically following to make this pack,

which platform is being used for writing,

whether it is being used for living, whether it is being used in war,

all these things are very important to know.  It

is necessary because on the basis of drinking, the further

28 which are also written in the bloody collection

go away. Next we have

people related to relatively dish i.e. people who

are very helpful in social engineering tax

that if I know people related to someone.

Who is associated with this company or who is

running the website, who is managing its

IT department, who is handling its IT department, then

I am the administrator, I am not an ID partner, I

call anyone of them and tell them someone else's ID.

Speak to the Secure Zone Management Partner or the IT department

Palana person, I am speaking and

share the ID and password as per your Vikas.

Where someone adds, he will

share the details, then it will be like social engineering.

I have to click on this.

Acting and giving reference in it to

any of their staff so that if that

Easili is converted then Easili

is available in many places that Easili 500 Dam is the

website structure from us now because we have

known about it which

website  It is

also important to see that the name of this website is the

same as

every developer normally keeps or to

shrink it, the

name of China has been kept in such a way that  If someone

cannot attack directly by gas,

then it is very important to know till now. It

helps in many things.

Knowing the structure till now and now to know this, we

basically copy the website and

clean the website of the corporation.  It is a

copy of the TV website and is very soft to use.

Its only motive is that Aamir

gets to know about the company structure of WhatsApp, his daughter-in-law, instead of

recording the address, we know it, so it

will help me a lot.

What could be the match folder? In which folder

is this son lying? Next9 comes to

all the information points and variables and whatever this

is, this is the most important part in

penetration testing because if

we have good variables in food for example,

any value in  Food can be

found where if we meet any person

then our points of interest

will be verified in the same, so the most important task for us

which we are going to see next is to

find a parameter, find a right variable i.e. we

can take its example as input box.  And let's

see in the login page, you

log in with ID and password,

do the registration in the same way, you

get an area to enter your input data, do you enter the data there and after

submitting it, it is told that it will happen.

Basically, this work is being done, how is it

input box, so outside these food bosses, someone

like me, if it is good for our health, then

we can do many things through those vegetables.

Seasonal attack, if he had

shifted it to the table, then it would have been better for us.  Well

Vegetable Una in which basically all the

validations did not apply the security

whereas it is necessary for us to find all the

info points and variables from the most important point as

many spoons as we

can find in which chapter as many very just that's

how much in the hidden process  If you have to

select it at the hidden place i.e. if you are getting the

permit even after going inside the bank next match inside any page, after

making any payment, you get the

same roll number, after watching this video, you

get the permit.  If he goes there, first of all, it is

very important for me to

record this very thing, he cannot understand it at all

and in words,

whatever we have done for 2 minutes, which is the website,

what is happening on it, but if we do

nothing here.  Also, in the company,

they are not able to do anything related to it,

otherwise they do not vote there, and if they

subscribe through any person, then there are

many things that can happen, so now

we can come into this also, so this student.

Half a minute and the design of going to Dubai i.e.

Bigg Boss from the center table spoon, this is the

scope of our penetration testing, it is

bigger, we get the one-time

mentor, so this was the

students of our video where we gave the

information.  Gathering and

what we see in the information gallery is the recipe, we do that

because we need one main reason, we

hope you liked our video, see you

in some new videos in the future,

thank you [

praise] [

music]

[music] that a

Two









Android Application Testing | Mobile App Testing - Ethical Hacking #55











How did it happen? Hope you all are doing well,

I Ashish Kumar, today I have

brought a video for you all on cyber security,

where we are going to

understand a lot about cyber security, so without

delay let's watch here how.

Learn Friends, here we will see

what is Cyber ​​Security Responsibility and

Pretty and Research and Need of Cyber

Security and at the same time we will see

innovative Quantum IS i.e. how to protect it,

how to keep it secure, so let's

start our topic which is

Here it is

very important for us to understand for the first time that the

concept of cyber security is very good,

but in today's time, how much we are dependent on the internet,

how many people are

connected to the internet today, so let's see this.

For this, I share with you something from the last year, I share

something on Twitter. Most importantly,

you can see that the number of people who are getting drops news is

huge. According to the survey i.e.

report generated for 2021,

four million people are active in the system.  If we look only at

India India i.e. our Indian time, then

10 minutes after app lock, people are

active on the internet which was when the

fabric was reported, a one page survey was

done i.e. the school had come after depositing, according to

this, this number of people is  And this continues to increase

a lot,

if we look at the court,

what have we done mostly, people are sitting at home, they are on the

internet a lot, there is a lot of

activity on the use side of the internet,

not only this, if we hold  Let's

see in the matter of India, if we see

how many people will be there in so many two wards in India,

then it is something shocking. Last

point, 6 billion people are active on the internet

and what does this mean, does it mean

that 59.5 people who are our global  The

complete proper action is that

59.5 per cent of the people in the world are active on the internet and those

people who are not active, you will say that

where there is no internet, those who basically

increase in this forest range and from the previous thought

live in such a place where the internet is available and

all these things are available.  Services are available to most of the people

here, if we look at the

students, then there are so many people

around us,

now if we look at it, then children, old

people, all of us are from the side, we all

are very much dependent on the internet here.  If we

use the internet, there

are so many of us on the internet. You can see the

graph of India and the world here.

If you understand this, then there are so many of

us today. Isn't there one thing that we

don't do on the internet like shopping?  We have to buy, we have to

purchase, we have to do anything,

we have to do every transaction, we have become

dependent on various internet, let's

see here next, now what is

cyber security has joined us on the internet,

what is cyber security, so let me

understand here.  And cyber security is basically a

very easy thing, it is not good and typical,

here cyber means we have

internet, what is cyber, what is internet and

security, then you understand that

security means securing

it, basically there are some such rules.  There are

regulations that have been put in place for the

welfare of our group. What does a security guard

do? He takes care that no one steals, no

one does anything like that, do

not damage any thing,

worship anything, it is the same when on the internet.  We

provide security or

do security work. Friends, we call it

cyber security. When the security of the internet does

all the work, then it is

called cyber security and this is the meaning of cyber. It

completes the linked images. The

company which processes it is called its fiber.  If we

are there, then here we have to maintain the security of the internet.

Cyber ​​Security: Once you

see the definition, Cyber

Security is the practice of depending on

Computer Servers, Mobile Devices,

Electronic Systems, Networks and Data

from Which Attract University. What are

all the devices we have, if it is an Android device?

Whatever this machine may be, to

prevent them from harming the access to the data, we

call it Cyber ​​Security Subsidy for

Simplicity of Internal, so we have to keep in mind

that you have to take care of the password and all these things,

take care of all these things, subscribe this

one thing.  Understanding about releasing it

and how children should take care of these things is

called cyber security. So what is cyber

security? Here cyber

security means that

every activity happening on the internet can be secured,

in which basically any of our mobile device is  If there were

lots

of devices and internet access, then there are so

many things which are connected to the internet and which are

communicating, we can do all the work for our

security, in completing the process of this work,

that is, in the process of this work,

Delhi has some  While doing some work,

we call it Cyber ​​Security

Next End Students Next we have

some classification sub 120 Now

we said that the Internet is big, many people are

connected to it What is Cyber ​​Security

that the process of securing the Internet is

conditioned  We call that cyber

security, so here it is important for us to know

what kind of

under-inspectors in the world, the shortcomings of this method, what

harm they can cause and what harm they

can cause, and we will also see that here.

But first of all, if you don't understand inverted, then

we have this:

Chilli configuration,

what is opinion configuration? Misconfiguration

means that any setting is not

done correctly, Chilli is configured,

you can understand it from the name itself

i.e.  Whatever device is our Android, it is our

system, the settings in it are not done properly, there is

any port, there is any software, there is any

application, the configuration inside it,

its settings, what thing has to be fixed, what work has to be done,

which thing has to be brought with which movie,

i.e.  In which village this program has to be

connected, all these things are

missing anywhere, then we call it

misconfiguration. The

configuration of its two settings which

helps in doing some work is

not set properly. For example, we  People have a

rotary blood bank in their house. The

default password of their admin panel is

admin. If things don't work, the

deposit is kept there. This chilli

is configured. Along with this, land allotment also comes, so there are

a lot of settings here like light DHCP.  And

many of the things are on record,

so these things are on only,

if there is any other property, then the show is

kept on and if these things are not paid attention to,

then this misconfiguration is something like set

destroyed and why we have it.

For example, if we talk about our computer,

then here we find in the comments that

they have the

permission, it is the fault of the administration and if

you did not take the permission, those who

do not need the admission permission, you also did not

give it.  Misconfiguration We have

in some computers, port cotton and many such

things which are installed in our computers,

what are their by default settings, there

can be a daughter made for them and if they become by

default setting check the unveiling of British

120 required ODI basically because of that.

120 is being made, so here is the

misconfiguration. With the help of SMS configuration,

an attack by a black hat hacker can cause a lot of damage to your system. It

can steal a lot of your details. We have to keep in mind

that our system should not

be too confident.  What should be done?

First of all, the system should be completely updated and

along with it some other things will be taken care of. Do

not turn on any report from the world. Do not use us. You are

next handy for installation. 6% pollution.

These two things are installed by default.

Most of the work that is being done in boat lift can cause harm to us.

If I do this properly

then it will be safe which body part is being generated

which is automatically generating at 100,

so it knows every time that  You generate a SIM

and if you remove one defect in it, then

every one generated by this software is out, that

defect will be removed. For example, suppose I am an

application that basically makes you apps, it

creates a website, then if I have an application

that helps you in creating a website.  Hussain helps

and finds any flaw in this application,

then all the websites created by him will be flawed,

because he was a

manufacturer, he was making this thing,

this is what has to be done, similarly, we have dependent

applications which I  Know that

once the application will decrease and every time the

system is getting installed in depression, if

we start Android basically, then there are

many side effect applications already lying here,

these applications felt

that it is important to update, not to keep the old weight, all these

things.  If you don't take care of it, then this is the

default and application of the prompt, it

can cause harm, let's

see next here and Firoz means now the second thing comes,

here after understanding all these things,

misconfiguration is fine, we

will take care of the setting.  One thing is to stay updated. Secondly,

we should also keep in mind that

any default app we have is ours.

We should take care of the app defaults.

Third, two important things are to see that

your system is running

more than it can handle.  Data should not be able to pass i.e.

whatever data is being transmitted in your system,

it should be transmitted with security, so keep in

mind that it is only a small part, there should

not be any virus checking program in it, there

should not be any such thing, i.e., there

should be no harm to your system.  Meaning, the

IDS or fiber here should be properly

configured because what will happen

basically is that what happens in ice is the most

aggressive growth in which when we

exceed the limit of the system then we

give it this recipe for data processing.

What will the professor do if after that the test exceeds the limit continuously, just

keep it there every day that as long as he is

sexually famous by keeping the data, then if it

gets thrown here i.e. here the data

goes more than the limit, then in this case  Where the

system is in Mata Sita, it will

stop working properly i.e. there will be only so much

data in the scrub, the memory will become full and

filling the memory leads to buffer overflow i.e.

water coming out, exceeding the limit,

will it become slow and this  Home,

what will happen due to start, that system fare

can sleep, rocks are Allah activities, it will

basically go down, here we will

not be able to do any file, anything, it

can be very harmful, a big

website, this is the metal, if you understand  If some Amazon goes

down for Hussain, then

what does it feel like to perform some such things here?

Snow and pause. If the data exceeds the limit of the system, then it is

called that and to avoid this, I

complete it.  We have to apply validator, we have to apply

security, we have to

maintain cyber security, so here we have the

right validator related to every data, whatever

work has to be

removed, match batter, we have more than

you must have understood, you will find some side,

basically the server where  Out of breath,

I told him that Sir, there

is a deficiency in your website and you have

not yet corrected that deficiency. Till now, you have

not got the step that should have been there, the line

that was there, have not been released.  So

what will happen in this case is that basically

you can be attacked by a black hat hacker i.e. a bad person who

can steal your data by seeing the use of this flaw and can cause harm to you. So it is

important to work in space as well so that

they get caught soon.  By releasing it as soon as possible, today you

get 180% of this system and its

fry is fine, then immediate steps should be taken on it

so that some party or

person does

not cut the throat of your system by taking advantage of the lack of pressure.

So Sharad should keep in mind that if

any upper caste wants to reach, if there is a deficiency, then get it

worked on as soon as possible,

it is a witch's design and now while doing all these things,

where else does the deficiency come from? Weak website,

I am there right there.  That is, we are running it till now and

if the developers made any mistake in A

Design Travels, its two basic sit and

function work was being done at that time, if there is

any shortcoming then due to this shortcoming, all the

viewers associated with the business will lose their share.  There will be

no data and this is too much for us, there is

too much loss in the talk, proud

talk that our

Joe Account Tasty

can be refunded from dead sales just like this, our Joe Options Mission is

only a developer's small-

Due to the big mistakes, here we should

also keep in mind the design from that whenever you

design a website, design

means not only the youth but also the writing of it, that is,

if you are making anything, a

website.  If you are making any application for a

passenger station, then

keep in mind that all the security measurements,

all the validators and all the

configurations on it should be properly applied

so that someone else uses that company and makes up for the

shortcomings you have made.  By

taking the help of those who have shortcomings in your programming so that they

cannot be harmed by your line or

you

cannot harm yourself, we look at the net

and we also talk to each other about the British,

we think about setting stop loss, now there is a deficiency

in our systems too.  There are a lot of things and this

system has reduced the

personal account in the meat window and a lot of notifications and

pension. You must have understood in the training that here we have

some shortcomings in the operating system.

Our role

is played here.  This is our operating system

properly updated, because as Sir said,

everything is there, there is some flaw in everything

and then in every application outside the

device, what is the security here

that as soon as there is a flaw, its pad is

used.  If the update is done then

we will say that if we do

not install the update then if we do not update it

customarily and do not keep the system updated. This is the

name of the application quality, so here

we will give 100 i.e. let us assume that the one who is working in our

Windows.  Long time back, someone came out with some 120.

Someone told that basically

through this process, this photo here is good, through that

service, with the help of total, you

cannot admin any system of computers.

Friends, like this report,

you came out with Windows question.  What is the

responsibility of shrinking the entire responsibility,

when will it be released, but what we have done wrong here is

that we have not applied this updater, it will

be the case with Android, then if such

operating systems are just old, then there is

no duty in them, there is a reason for the lack of operating system.

Our proper data can also be leaked from this, all

our how because everything can happen

here Next let's see the

application floor which you did then you must have understood

that all the applications run for minutes, there

are different components in their programming also -

Different attack which is skin injection access to speak,

we can also appoint after testing all this, the

file is uploaded otherwise B12

support is here, all these things are there in

all the restrictions, take them out in the application glass,

whatever data is stored in the application center,

all that.  You can access here, it is

important to secure it too, that is, if you are

making the application great, then this

problem is not leadership light, it is open

services and password, then Play Services. You must have

understood the points made during my conversation,

everything is airport.  But if it

works, then you must have understood it well, that is, any one

crying on some post, in

some other, through the same relationship, it would be

communicating with the file system again, so this

is the point, if this note is open and our  It is of

no use, that is, there is

no sleep for those who are open at 200. First of all, they need to be cleaned. Secondly, there is no

need for this office.

If I do not need only a TV server,

then it would be better to close that pond here.  In

this LMB WhatsApp

TPO, I am not using any Saroj, Aarav Utsav

and other open points, it would be better to close them, that is,

any thing which I have not used

and can 100 close the open service, do

not leave it open. Next, we have the

default.  Password, I have told you what it means,

our border is any device,

it has some body posture video channel account,

like this, we will come back to the writers, admin will

be the admin password and everywhere,

why only security cameras, then here this  Deposit should not be given to those CCTV

cameras which had default passwords.

As soon as

any device is installed in the system,

you should change its default password at the same time, even if

it is your mail ID

Kunnu, here we have drug replacement.

Meaning of cyber security cyber.

What is the need of security? Now we know

basically what is cyber security,

how many people are dependent on the internet, so for this we need to

sleep very well and by understanding all this, let us

clear it better that

here I first of all mean that we  Internet is the

first thing so that whatever

information you have, you can do it

for the maximum company, so that is a

big company, if I have one, then

what house

is clean, the account details, everything

is here inside the mobile.  So this is the data, it is

very important to secure this data basically. Next we

can secure

innocent is the mission and data, that portion will

also be information like it was images

which I have clicked on basic and will keep any such

thing that what do I do daily routine.

This is my personal information and that too

security is necessary, so here for this

we all like the recording, you like bank

securing from anil off i.e. if you

bring someone's son some videos, if they

take account of you, then I get a

lot of money.  Ojla may happen and to avoid these things,

we apply subsidy, that is,

if you go to any website and

buy a product today on Amazon, you are able to buy it,

you are given a lot of trust there, that is,

you can easily trust Amazon's service.  You

can easily buy anything there,

so why is this?

Apply Cyber ​​Security Properly there, this is

where you can trust that even if you enter your

account details and order something online,

your hair is the right product and

your account details.  If it doesn't go anywhere, then

these things happen, we lose money in cyber security.

This explains why. Next let's look at the securing

form of cyber attacks and crouch. Now whatever is there,

all these things happen because of cyber attacks, so

why do we do cyber security?

So that you can't miss it by watching

and also a lot of time subscribe, there are a

lot of them in quantity

here along with a lot of people as well as

what can be done to do these things

cyber security problem subscribe

and keep in mind  That

no such thing is coming into any system,

all that should be kept in mind that

hello friends, what do you have to do with cyber

security here, how

in the internet world, you have to keep in mind that

you have a browser, there you have your  Pass

because the anti-virus that you have,

you basically apply it on your browser, it does

not do anything according to whether Jackson will be able to do

that is necessary for your security. It is

said that the more features a

system adds to the option in a week.  For example,

an informative acid, there is

no button or anything here, instead of putting these splits,

leave only one pane information here, so if there is such a place, then its  This

means that it will be very difficult to hack there,

that is, the less details you

provide about the witch, why does Apple give you so few

switches, then if it is good enough, then

the development in so few features from the style, the more

computers, the less shortcomings

as they provide modern features.  Is there any

new option, point to drops, you are getting

submit, you can put comments, you

can see something worth anything, the

more features, the more

functions are increasing, the more

your British will also increase, so here I have explained the

things.  Keep in mind that astrology should not be of any use. There should not be any

open post.

Android applications should not have permission in your system.

No - no, no. You should

not do anything from third party. Keep all these things in

mind, whatever work you do.  If you

keep it on a proper stand, then with the

help of this you can use pornographic internet on the internet in your cyber world.

So let's talk about

us here,

how many people are connected, how can we do it

and the bosses around us.  If you can share it with your family

members then let's meet

with another video. If you haven't subscribed yet then do so

now. Thank you [

praise] [

music]

[music]

hua hai do it.












Hello hello tell me how all of you hope you all are doing good

welcome in to-do list

Ashish Kumar today I have brought a video for you guys

some

advanced calcium information in the information gallery if it is

very famous at home see we are different to serve by using

it  We can take information gathering to the

next level, so today we are

confined here for that. Today we will see

how many more ways we

can take information gathering to the next level. So let's start

my story.  I will turn on the machine, by the way I will come

here, I am doing information gathering,

in this you

can take any operating system, you

can work from Android only, so there

is absolutely no need for Kali exam, but I do not

work in free time, so I  Let's go to Kali

and open Kalima in our

browser. See the use of vacation third party service, that is, we are going to

subject the passenger to a mission

in which we are going to extract very good

information. So let's start,

the station will give two-three things like

we have.  First seen, the most important part is

under information. First of all, do that 41 flat.

Jogging fog will come within the day itself, so

what will we do to target here,

we have to

lift all this in two,

mix it dipped in money roots, symbol of information

i.e. basic.  So what do we do to do her first dating, the

first point

was under the mission but if we select the

basically dominated text in the right words and

in the right roots among them where 120

can be found then it

will be more effective suit for the country's philosophy.  And why do we do this,

our disease is to be cleaned, we

want to see that if the address is main to main, there will be

more traffic, if

people do more testing, then that Roman

is shrunk a lot or

else  Developers pay more attention to send minutes,

but if the part which is

used for dormitories is clicked on very low,

then the developers pay less attention there, the

security can be compromised there, there will be

more chances that the

security cover can be played there.

Validate means there, they will do it, so

what is good for us there? We are

found in such meetings where there is less traffic,

more used oil, the crooked traffic

gets accumulated, less people know because

less people visit there.  If yes then maybe

it can be bought for more on Monday and how will we

know how will we know if you

use less on 102 minutes,

we will use it for that, here I will

show you the value on formal basis,

we will take it here, develop is coming alpha.

Sacrifice is there tomorrow morning which will help you in

submitting point.

After writing 'anywhere from', we will write here OK, we will

cut it, our sub, we will be in the center as

a proof, like we will

write the word volume Allah here, enter, ahem, you have this laptop in front of you.

Instead of what do we have to

do here basically so that the new model is all

written, we will click on it and it

is opening here, so now we will do the basic thing,

now we have to select such a subdomain

where there is minimum traffic charges and development.  The same

sub Dubey will take the lowest volume decrement. The

same sub 2 minutes may

not have got much attention from the developers. So we have

many of them here in front of you. So what will we do now.

Here we will write the name of the submission.

For example the issues are facebook.com

that  Today we will submit, so like we

submit here, whatever is in the words of facebook.com should

open here, will I

take Play Store in front and we will

scroll down here, okay get, then you can see this,

two of facebook.com

We are able to see in front of us the submissions as well as the

digital content on them. So,

we need a submission where there is least

digital, which is Bigg Boss, the submission which

gets the least number of visits. The developers have developed

there.  You will not have to apply a lot of braids,

which recipe will I not

make, so that there is

some work to be done among as many people as possible,

because there is less traffic and more, so it may be

lacking somewhere or the other.

Somewhere she might have turned out to be less British, we

can see here that the lowest thing here is this:

press f4, press f8 and then you cannot date that oil filter by

selecting it in similar words.

Suppose, from here, any of your friends

often takes 2 minutes.  For next, what will we do next, we will take it

to the next level and

in the same words, related and obscene, we will take it out,

how will we take it out, but here it

opens the mute, new time, we will

basically go, we will write here

central

that that B.Sc center.  If you enter 'For Telecom'

then basically we will select the website of Central Government

which is going to help us a lot.

For information gathering, here we

write any Dubai city, any

IPL, 2 minutes, we can write both the things

and frill, we are here by Dominic.  For

example, I write here that it

is facebook.com and we do whatever we do here.

Basically, whatever test you see here,

readymade pills, email

process, whatever you see here, you

can see it is Dormant Gurjar.  There is endowment, there is

email, there is employment, there is Facebook meter, there are

many options, it would be

very good to scan them automatically on one platform, so now you can see

here,

SIP 452 is there in the fund in the address system, get the dormitories records which are there.

With Bhoomi Rikard and Satish, we

can now see a lot of information here,

you will get the contact details of

Christian Jinning which can help you

and

in this network Hui records are also found

here. Not only that, you

can see a lot more.  We have also got business development very

well. Here you can see

PTI Replay which is the test setting of IPL T-20,

Test record, there

is sp1 record inside it, so here we have

so much information at one place,

this is what we have.  The mission is to speed up the vagina,

here we have good different services, juice,

as much information as

possible, what is the target that came from here, who

cut me or tested forever, then

here, as I said, as many Hazrat

Hussain processes as possible.  If we measure above everyone else

then we will get a good result. How will

we have to try something different? We will

study to produce some different art in which we will

test it through information gallery or any

other means which is

successful in penetration testing and mix it well at advanced level.

Can others give so that our videos

where I volume alpha and our

central losp.net help a

confusing acid and salts

matching gallery, let us all be

dominant give any information I

get IPS, now we will write these and that

Sachin  If you can remove me, I hope you

liked my video. See you

tomorrow with a new video. Till then, if you have

n't liked, shared and subscribed,

do so now. Thank you.










Hello students! How are you? I hope you all are doing good. 
Welcome back to the WsCube Tech channel. I am Ashish Kumar.

Today I have brought a video for you guys on how to port 
forwarding. How to do port forwarding and what it is,

 we will also understand this at the same time. 
So let's start. Let's go to our Kali Linux and see 

what is port forwarding? So here we will turn on our 
Kali machine. Let's discuss port forwarding.

Port Forwarding is such a technique 
or process within which

 we open any port of our system. 
We know that if we want to do any work on

 anything in the system, then we have to do 
it on some port. We open a port.

Now we have to keep in mind that each 
port is On on a single IP, 
correction

We turn on a port on an IP and 
treat it as if it is a public IP and 

this is its port. And as soon as any system on this 
IP and try to connect to this port, then it will direct 

redirect to our local system. To take our system 
to the wide area network, we open a port 

on its public IP so that someone can connect to that 
system. Because we will be listening on the same port

 like local hosts, then we can listen to that thing. If a 
successful port forwarding is you done; then this will happen.

So what did port forwarding do for us? We 
tried all the attacks, all the processes we saw,

 we worked on the payload; we saw all 
these things are in the local area network.

I told you that doing this work 
in a wide area network is very easy. It's very simple.

 What do we have to do? 
Where we used to mention the IP and port,

 we have to open the public IP and a port at the place 
which we have been forwarding, i.e, as soon as someone 

goes to the port of that  IP, it will be redirected
 directly to our local system.

We have to take care of this thing. This is port forwarding.
 A port forwarding is required on a wide area network 

or whatever attack you do outside your 
local area network. Apart from this,

 port forwarding also gives you a very good facility to host your 
There are many more things on the site I will show you here. 

So we have to perform port forwarding here. I hope you have 
understood port forwarding. Let's revise one more time.

Port forwarding means to open a port
 on the Public IP, with the help of which 

the system outside the local area network, i.e.,

if anyone comes from any corner of the world to that IP or 
port, then he should be directly connected to our system.

Here we can make our system like 
a server, or we can start listening,

 we can do a lot with the help of port forwarding.
For port forwarding, you will find 

many videos and theories as you can configure 
port forwarding by going to the router.

But in most cases, it does not work properly. 
If it does, that's great, but it doesn't.

So we need a reliable method; we need a method 
that is reliable to us, producing the output 

as we want it. So what will we do about that?
For that, we are going to use Ngrok. 

Ngrok is a tool that gives us the facility of port forwarding; that is, it will open a port on the domain for itself. And 

as soon as someone goes to that domain or port of 
that IP will be redirected directly to our local system.

correction

correction

So let's start with the installation of Ngrok without 
delay and will see how to use it. What shall we do here?

 We have to install Ngrok. First of all, we will go 
to our browser so that we can go to Ngrok's site 

and start the further process.
 Here are browser is started.

What do we have to do now? We have to write Ngrok here. 
If we press Enter after writing Ngrok, then its official site 

will come on top. We can see that the official site of Ngrok 
has come on top. Now we have to take care of some things. 

First of all, we have to log in here.
Only after login will we get the authentication token, 

i.e., we will be verified to use its API, 
we can understand it in this way here.

First of all, we have to log in or sign up here. So to do that
 process, we will perform that process by being anonymous,

 we will not put our details anywhere casually. 
We will look at some anonymous tricks here.

Once it starts. 
You can see that the official site of Ngrok

 has been started. What should we do now? First 
of all, we have to Signup. So we will click on Signup.

After clicking on Signup, we have to fill
 the details here, so to fill the details, 

we have to fill in the email address, all these things.
For that, we go to the temp mail 

which provides us the temporary mail, 
that is, we do not have to enter our 

official mail address here.
You can see that the temp mail has been started. 

You can see that the mail address has 
come in front of you. You have to copy 

this mail address. 
correction

correction
Enter the same email address 

and enter the same password 
and remove the last four digits.

correction

correction

I am changing it; you can keep whatever password 
you want. Here I change the password.

We will click on 'I am not a robot. Here it is telling 
us to select bridges. We will select the bridges.
We will Signup. Click on Don't Save. You can 
see that we have been login along with Signup 

and have reached the dashboard.
Now our job is to download Ngrok. Since we are

 running it in Kali Linux, then we have to download the 
Linux version. We will click on download. Its installation is

 very easy. 
The process of using it is also very easy. 

Here we have started downloading.
I clicked on download. It's reloading. 

Here it is asking to verify the email, 
then we will verify our email.

An email has been verified. 

Now you will be able to send mail via email. Let's click 
on download again. Here the download option has come.

Earlier we did not verify the email, but now 
we have verified the email, then our download

 has started here, 
you can see. So, how to install the ngrok file?

 Its installation and configuration 
is a very easy process.

If you do not know, then you can look here, 
you will see the complete process. 

It is a very easy process. Now let's go to 
our terminal. Downloading is complete.

Now let's go to our terminal.

I zoom in on it. 
Here we will see by 'ls' that

 the file we just downloaded is where it is stored. It will 
be in the download directory. Write 'cd downloads.' 

Do 'ls.' You can see here that after scrolling 
you will see the file of Ngrok on this. 

You will see the zip file of Ngrok here.
Its extension is zip.

You have to unzip it. We will do this through the command 
line. For that, we will write 'unzip ngrok...' and press Enter.

Do 'ls.' You can see that the folder of Ngrok has 
appeared in front of you. 

Now we have to run Ngrok.
correction

We have got the file, i.e, executable file. 

If we type 'ls -l' and press Enter, 

then our Ngrok file will have read, write, and executable permissions
& it is not a folder but a file that has executable permissions.

 Now we have to execute this file, but before 
that we will give root permission here.

Do 'ls.' Inside 'ls,' we can see Ngrok. What do we have to do now? 
Our Ngrok has been downloaded, so now we have to configure it. 

That is, it had the right key; it has to be set up here,
 for which we will click here and scroll down.

correction

We will copy it by ctrl+c. And if you press 
Enter by doing ctrl +shift + v here, 

you can see that the authentication token is saved in the 
configuration file as soon as you type the code with Ngrok 

and press Enter. What do we have to do now? 
Now our configuration is also complete.

 Now the port forwarding we have done has to be ON.
Now to understand whether it will be ON 

or not, whether it is working in reality or not, we 
will use a service which is Apache2 service, 

which is a very good tool, 
it can help you in many ways.

If you have to share files, if you have to 
share website without any hosting server, 

then you can do all those things here by port 
forwarding. What shall we do over here? We will write

 'service apache2 start' & press Enter. 
Here the service of Apache2 has started.   

Now we have to go to its directory, 
so we will write here 'cd /var/ www.

Press Enter. Do 'ls.' We can see what directors
 we have. We have HTML. we will write here 'cd html,'

 'ls.' We have some files over here. 
These are the same files, 

as soon as we started 
 'service apache2 start',

 then here we had the Apache2 server started.
If we write here 'local host'

 and press Enter; then you can see that 
Apache's webpage is coming here.

Which webpage is this? This is the same 
webpage we just saw in indexing. Here you see

 'index.html,' this is the same page.

If you want to confirm whether this is the 
same page or not, then you can write here

 'gedit index.html' and press Enter. Here index.html 
will be enabled through the gedit so that 

you can edit it, and if you are not able to do this, your 
gedit is telling that it is not installed, then you can do  

'apt-get install gedit.' If there is a 
problem in that too, then you can do

 'apt-get update,' then 'apt-get install gedit' and 
then we can read this file.
correction

correction

and what is written, we will see 
where we can make changes. 

Here 'Apache2 Debian Default Page' is written. 
We will change this. We will write here

'You have been hacked











Hello Hello tell me how you all hope you all are doing good

welcome in to-do list

Ashish Kumar today I have brought this video for you guys

Gen Next which is basically a

graphical weight of and so here I have

done office planning through Anna.  Now we would

like to see its graphic weight in Jain,

where it can be skinned and where it is

profitable, how many

symbols it can get in the missions,

in what format it will be available, then we will see all these things

through Jannat, so let's start with

basic.  And one more thing Sankhvas

watchers that in this life we ​​will install the app

in our own windows machine

election not to use it absolutely

in garnish let it do all its work

if someone has windows then

how can that soldier do that network 10  How will

he do so, he can use birth now which is the adapter

graphical weight and to use it, it will have to be

installed first, so we will

go to the browser, we will write engine there,

birth, you will enter, then basically this is the

first one in front.  If you click on it then

here I am opening the front side,

so here I am rich literature and now

we will go to half.

After going to download, now this is its birth. Now after

selecting from the fiber, we will download it.

So let's go to half.  It is in the folder,

here we have reached the download page, now

here you can see that I will show you the

set up but it is only for you to install it because the

weight will go to us automatically,

so if I install it here, then

its amazing.  That will also start on time, if you

can use it then

you can see the plan justice, here the

download has started and here it will be

downloaded like Download 2016 Mp3 file,

I have already

downloaded the APK with the department.  If you want to

start the installation process, then let's

go to our download folder and it

is here, so we have put it here, open the photo, you

can see it here, but there

is only one file, it is lying here, we will double click on it.

To start the election process, we will give the admission form and

click on 'Agree' here.

You will be able to see whatever notification

is there, we will do it next.

After doing next, the position

shoulder here will remain the same by default

and  If we destroy it then it will be installed in our

birth along with our Jain Mahal map here

and we will be

able to wear this water which is network for elastic, then here

we will click on Agri, if we

click on install then basically end key.

Explanation: Politics Start will be installed from the very first,

you will uninstall it,

I would have canceled more, don't want to show

that you can get some such officer, if you

Bhopal old was not installed, fantasy step in the ad,

basically do the step here

which is your  Before analysis, you have to

perform it, so here you

install it, now anti rabies is getting

installed, Suraj here, who had installed our

and Plus Jain app, has become

frustrated, we will do the next,

finish optional here.  Then we will recommend,

now this is the proper treatment that is set up,

it will do and the next and the next part

OK grade so now we have completed it

so here you can see here

we have started now we  If you

can use it here, then I have used it here, subscribe subscribe here,

now you can see all the

hours here,

now if we want, we can use any of these

or I have set it to freeze.

In the scanning of C, whatever we have scanned till now in childhood,

we can

apply here, so let's start here,

in this camp we wanted to see the basic, here there

is a special option to share and

how to mute the profile.  You can

open the question, which I have already

cracked, all the things, filter size, you will get this,

now we have to do the scanning, so we will

scan here, first of all we make a medium,

by mixing it, we

get interest in the recipe and we  As I will

scan, we are not using any of these functions,

plastic is not being used on this pretext, if

revision is also done, then we will do happy mention here

and I will do PM mention,

any hosted one destroys Darwin,

we wrote.  The person tag is

wn.com celebstates.com by shifting more and

shooting a scan on this, this is what we will scan here right now, this is

a normal address scan,

that is, so here we will

take the capital through curd, do it inside this, we will

also put this in the comment.  If so then here you will get

tasty molested beauty tips which we will

add tipo and here Vijayadashami

means they add a lot of details starting from

6 class number to if we want class number

then now we click on it it will be scanned here.

Here we will submit

200, now our skin has started,

automatic zoom in, we will take out the JP, the

command functions on this, which is scanned on Idea, will

start, you can see that it should

be dammed, that this is the point.  The scanning

process has started, there is a

Jhoola report till the complete pole shifting,

scanning is going on, so here we have done the

scanning through NAP, which was

basically graphical stunning, the

result is in front of us, if you can see it

here.  Also, this was the latest service from open post on,

I have printed it here,

I am showing it on the front, we have

got all these services on these open posts, which

we had scanned till 1135 on the post,

so here we came up with this last.  And let's

see graphically how much power Chowkpur is

giving us by using it. If here and

now near it there is a hot sense which

is basically as many posts and names as possible from the port,

then here I have kept the scanning system here, so that is

why it is not visible.  Here is the

butt. If you see, all the open pores

were there for their service. The

balance is not showing. Gautam did

not want to send SMS during the scanning. I did

not use European SMS till now. Here you

can see that this scan was done.  So here

we are showing its effect and inside the hole details,

show us that and that summary,

like our host of so that Delhi was online

offline and how many open pores were found inside it, how many

filters were there and how much was

scratched also.  You can see all the details here

and apart from this, qualities like

Ghosh was noting any cost in this IT code,

that too is visible here, so at

present we are able to see all this information

graphically here, now it is

on scans.  Click, we can see

which scan I had to do or

not, what were the options in juice, if

services are accepted, then we can see all these services.

If we go back or click on it,

then we can see that channel that

I had back.  The name of Side.com is coming

inside it but the operating system is not coming just because

we were

not maintaining the function dance capital over the operating system. Inside our skin,

we can scan as per our wish, their

output is always there.  You will get it graphically, this is

our internal graphic weight, it will work in the same way,

it will show the relaxation graphically, you will

like Vasundhara's video, where

we have taken the use of life and skin, which is

ours, which is the adapter graphical food, you

people must have understood the birth.  And it is quite easy for your

people because you have a window to run it, you can

install it on your system and

run it, you can run the NB option,

but the thing is that it

will be easy for you people, the scanning process is the same, the

planning process is the same.  And the output charges

can be seen graphically. See

you with another video. Till then, if you have

not liked, shared and subscribed, then do so now.

Thank you, that's

it.










If they take pride then how can you all welcome

back into Ravine Script Mukesh Kumar, today I have

brought a video for you. What is Net on Net?

Not MS Word, it is a tool which

helps us a lot in network communication. It provides a

lot of good information and

many good functions.  Which is the

answer article that we use a lot,

so let's see the basic minute

how they work and let's go to

our line like this machine and here basically

lance search on it and let's go to heavy

embroidery machine.  Where we have

installed two machines, here the black machine and it is

possible to have both under the line,

here inside both Vashishtha, now we have

told the network to use the network, it

is used for network communication, now we have

cut it and see.  -As we watch, we will understand basically

what net can do and how it is useful,

so let's see Mirchi here, first of all,

what will we do, we will go to the normal window,

we do not need to increase it

here and we will definitely do it

and also  At the same time, we will turn on Minion Rush on our Matar Mushroom,

so here my

madam sir, the machine is already on, login is there, if

you ask for login ID, user name and password,

then that message is admin, user name,

this is all admin, password will be m10 and  As soon as you

log in, here you are

image012 machine, it will start, so

here now let's go to our black machine

because if I type here, it will

not come out. You, the

judge of Control Idol, can see our debts.  Now we will

add black mechanization, so now we have to

fold it, to use net,

we write here NCC i.e. net

net net net is an element which

helps in network communication.  That is,

now he is making a system or making it live

on any post so that he

can communicate with anyone, can talk to anyone,

can do the setting of information data, then after

removing all these things here, now that happens.  How is there a

victim? One answer: Victim

here, whatever my device, which

can also be called a server, we just have a question, so

what will the divide in the soil here do, let

us comment in its system, which is

Net Dad

Island here.  What is the meaning of debit, let me

tell you, Darshan means no

pin i.e. will not focus on dormitories and

jewelery is speed, it means listen 9th class

maza-5 years i.e. whatever Uttar Pradesh

one hour detail as I have  You see,

NP means port, there

is a mark and a point here, which is our America, we will mention it in the

next post, anyone

can do the post-mortem, like, I have

felt here for 04 minutes, I will send this message

after the vote, OK.  So here we have

mentioned dad bp inside which end

means basically follow the dorm here and come

bell means relation also a

means 100 p means port where the

report says 0 so here I have mentioned  If the

port is mentioned, then we

start a mixing machine. Now this amazing thing

means that the machine in which the commandant

will start, that machine will

start at the services point, that is,

any civilian can communicate with this machine on submission,

now we are here.  But

if in Kunwar case then the

airport is turned on from time to time i.e. now any

percentage vote every 4 minutes,

CIPP comes from this machine, know if this machine

is going to 500 then it can be completed here

but here  There will be a problem, IP,

we will get onion, if we use it in our life,

then I

had to do port forwarding etc. Just

observe for minutes, there is a local area network, it will be

able to talk to us, that is, it is far away from life, the one who is

not connected to the metro, he is not connected to this.  He will

not be able to use the system, he will

not be able to use its function, before that we have to see its function, we will

see further, here if we

write something like this and enter, then here we

can see listening and anything, okay, Shankar is here.

Has anyone come to

listen through this and here is its report, it is

like this minute 600. Now we go on our net

speed on the machine. If you do the work of the additional tractor of this

client machine, then

remove the ghee here or the client's collection here.

Step will go to wish means

request how to do that here

net dad way means you know

and here and after that

this is our machine so let's subscribe to this channel

so here we have

opened YouTube.

Enter here as you can see here

12181 3000 then you will see Oak

Bluetooth 100 here to see

12181 33c IPL Now what we have to do is

select on this IP so we will go

back pea mushroom so minute time comment

Next to this we will write 1920 80

ok so here 6%

we put no pin and if we enter then here

we don't want to do so then

here we will do the same which we had kept as

800, we

will subscribe, we can see the internet

here

now.

Skin is

hello how are you ok sir in the line two times hi how are you

and we will go to our black

machine and see what is this company so

you can see written here or hi how are you

basically here this communication is

this  Working Next 9

Before going to this from the newsroom, the network

can share the network data information,

so if we share our channel, if we

share our CMD command to the terminal,

then here is how it will work,

for this we do this  We can say that here, here

we

can use the net, here we can submit, this is the

name of this,

enter our beans,

we will return the same loot, which is just doing the

work of connecting there.

We have connected, you can see that

open connection was written, now I will

write the thing present here, it will be directly executed

here, the weight will not go as a message, the

comment will not go, it will be executed. Let's see whether it is a

gift or not. We are

here.  But different and you can see that

in our black machine the soil is visible here

only HD download or if

its updates are wrong then it is

not right at all then check here

that the download is ready directly, now you can see the

download.  By doing this, the shoulder which we here

means communication system

and let's see if we can see our machine

here, it was in the pepper, there

is no such thing,

it is

here, if

anyone

does it very quickly, then definitely there.  Comment Share on

And so

this is and which is ours

and if we think of this

from the attacking perspective, then where is this here, it is

only connected to the mother, the lid, then

sent this program which ran this code

and as soon as this cotton became the director

Got the minal access, what had to be done by removing that remover,

now by doing this work like feet, you

people will understand some things,

how to work like feet, what we did, this

command was net cattle BJP support and

f5 share, this is what we did a  Describe the person machine

i.e. mud machine khurram and this is

that you can connect with me on ford service minute

so it means that the

work of films has to be done now we are

not going through any madman now we have gone to the system itself

and that is that you  You can comment on it, you can

open it on edit, now how much effort did it take to remove it, the

readers just need to connect it, the

fiber will not be able to do anything in between, we

can also secure the connection and

I would like you guys to discover more about the option net.

Very good feature, at the moment I was

giving its introduction to you people,

he was showing how it can be used

but I will show you one part that right now we have created a

local area network i.e. the two

systems that we have to keep in Ujjain or as

many systems as one.  If we

are connected to each other in a local area network, we can do this through Wi-Fi,

but if it is a wide area network, if you want to

communicate with this system sitting at home,

then how can we do it? For that,

we use message.  There is no port forwarding which is

provided to us by Anju Wife and

Drop. You must know its use in my mind. I have

explained to you about these districts through Glass video. Let's watch it once again.

Here we will go to the folder of these districts.

Which is lying in the download folder, we will

understand it, we will add it to the download and

here we have network available. Now we will

resolve it, so write us dos

left and zero and we will put the tip and at the same time we will

mention the port which we have

here.  Internet was activated, drama hotspot was

activated, 600, so here we will

press more than write, we will

press like this, we will press like this, here our civil

submission, which was always there, has always been BC, the

system has become life in a way,

only the help of NGOs.  This frill has been wiped off, now

basically typing support has been done, this connect is

a little slow in the network, then

comment here. Well, in some time, this is

Noorjahan's,

you can see it. Basically, which

was our terminal, it got turned on here, that is,

we have to run Tamil Nadu.  Done zero here, here we are

working with the competition, here we have an

NGO that used to play in its office for IPL-4,

so that you can see it completely, what are you seeing here,

okay, so here you

can see who has become this.  Here

in Angels there are some account details as well as

our port and IP owned here, so if

I show you this trick of ours,

Johari typing this Dubey, we will have to

do it behind this land, how can we

print it.  Through command or through PIN, the

basic human will follow the steps, which is

available in 1200, so as soon as someone

comes to this page, as soon as Yagnik

goes to the support of this IPO, that directory will be deleted

from our local IPO port.  Let's

see how it works. All this

work is happening right now on a mixing machine.

Here, it is happening on the message server. Let's

understand that. Here,

work is happening on the server. Now what will we do? Try our

stretches and see.  Let's take OK, so now we will turn on the

net here, after 10 minutes we turned on the net,

now we go to our maths

protable to machine and after going here,

now we will write OK, so we will comment

but here some changes like us.  We have to know the

IP, came to create the situation of UP,

we have to know the productivity of that port

dot UP, then I will write

paying for the, at

this time I will

enter the MG road data, then it

tries to pin here like pin

and its  The IPTA request settled in the front of the team acquisition

dies, if as you

can see, we have only one person,

here you will do it from the control and here the

basic is our I 3 dot 136 dot co

dot

236 here, what to do in our IPL.

You guys must be seeing this screen

zoomed out a bit when Bigg

Boss because here the mother matters but is not

able to, it does not give the function of human

here, so because of this you

are not Pankaj.  You people, drink tea,

I am telling it by speaking, which is 32130

slot

6536, now we should do it, now we turn

on the network Kamal here, so we had written

Net Daddy, after that we have to do Amazon, we

will write PM here on free dot

136

06.  230 56 So after writing here, let's

mention here report vote how one can

see. We can go back to our home and

see here on enjoy. Okay okay

society report is 12600. Whatever this portion is,

you will get that use if you comment.

Instead of giving acidification news,

who does the messenger of STP, Pooja Court has

told how so that you can get some tissue,

so I am taking any one because it is

reliable enough, so 1200 which is our

support, on Amazon 222 and here  If you

press 12600 end of the meeting, then here the

show of communication studies gold has

started, you can see that it is

showing open pores, that is, now I am quite far from

Robert communication, he bowed close,

then he said that salt, we will do the last and ok

one.

Now let us see the candy crush at our MG Road office

but

here we have submitted that here the

IPO and 1628 commission were to be released and

they were released for four and depression 0.5.  Now you

can see that it was 2 minutes, here

we added instead of six, so it will always

fit the process, no issues will

mix and here we will write

that all of them are communicating,

not only ours but on some other post.  So

what are we going to do in the

dark here to make a lot of changes

like a small o d i o n enter So now we will

get these in real life, we can see this by

trying to click here, it should be

exactly here, there should be some deflection, the

taste of this.  Any Time Job at Airport

120 OK OK

OK is available here, we will

do it through class control now 057 professor

from our IPL 2018,

you all will remember, we

will write NET questions also, after that we will fasten the

points and you will do this  Here you

enter alarm airport, same is Android

1898 06

torch five, so here I set it to medium,

force

3000, press enter and if you type the option of open here,

we will have against it and as it appears on terminal

and

Tried both the networks, you can also use the network here, if you

like this video, then

I can send you a message here. Apart from this,

here we have united the terminals so that

anyone can subscribe.  If you can, then

use this net here and for many other

problems,

we can juice the talking toe have, for that

I would recommend you to have all the

word document of the net from the related command of half of the OBC net.

You have read it,

understood it well, do it once again by doing it in a factory,

see

how much more you can discover about it, till then

thank you a [

music] has

happened

[music] do it












Hello Hello everyone welcome back into the

objective type, I Ashish Kumar, today

I am taking a video for you guys,

see here how can you scan a subject on the network using

WP scan, so

basically through this, how can you scan the subject on the side.

And let us understand what are the things in the set.

Basically, workplace is a platform

which provides you complete work

within which you do not need to do much work.

To create a website, you

use one thing or the other.  And if we

attach the plugins which are now relative to China, then if we go

here, the

main details which can be useful to us

are some files related to 3 spoons

as well as all the plugins available at that time.

That's on the side, now here on the side, what is

most of the increase, what could be that

too, like the chilli contributions, if

you have not stopped the directives attack

or you have not stopped the diet from accessing this,

then access the practice there.

If you take this image to the doctor

's type and later

remove the name of cement, while the last

active is there, if you

can see all the five images inside the community,

then it means there and  But submit

is a meeting around the war as well as there are

many ₹1 filled trucks time like

talk about miss configuration I'm here

like the version of it is the old one like as many

and weight in fennel shoes  It is

easily understood that there is an increase.

Now suppose that the things which have been installed within the year are

old, then it means that there must be

some 130 things present in them,

if we scan any website then

we  What we need in it is that we need all the

plugins including their names and their weight

along with everything that was theirs which is being

used here, it is the weight details till their son,

so that too, we get all these details, we

get Agreshwar percentage, so I  It will be very

easy to hack the site on Swar

or to expose any shortcomings in it.

So let us see how we can do it

through our 233 scan. So

what will we do for that? We will open our terminal and

end here.  As soon as the terminal is open,

I sent a message to the American terminal on the route,

Akhilesh, you

can give acid permission in the morning, right? We have to scan

a website which is our account and they gave

us a basically

demo side.  So that we can test on it,

now let us first open the side,

here this is basically the site

fikalfactories.co.uk, here on this site,

we will test the drinx scan once and

see how it

performs.  How many holidays do we have but we can try using it,

so what will we

do with it, we will copy the URL and we

will go back to our terminal, so here if I fry

it, then I can ask someone's OK

wait,

yes, from here the police will apply

that  So the thing to understand here is

that we do not have the stomach to run the can in it. We, the

developers, do not know how to use it with other buttons. For

once, it demands

that we do not know anything about WP scan,

so we can use it.  How can

we use it, we will write here WP Scan and

Shall and if we enter it then it will help us

and we can see

what wonders we will

see here. If we are going to use it, then

miss call once.  I will make it so that you can

see it properly and back, everyone can help by

commenting and from the gate, whatever is

missing here, I have come forward. If you are zooming Jasbir Kaur

madam, then this is a little celery

format, that Bigg Boss button is here.  But you can

understand what like dad means

but also the meaning of date, you will know that we have

used which basically helps us to

show the details of what has been looted,

after that we

can make Madhopur through fame and questions.  Whatever work we

do, whatever scanning we do, we

can save it in the film through Tubelight scan,

here we are

going to use it by dipping it, here

is the end reduction mod, we can change the user agent, we

can change it, Randu Sadani is continuously end misses.  There are

many options here,

here let's turn on the mode and the

boxes are protocols, practice, objective

question, numeration is OK,

so it is important for us to calibrate, that is, to

extract all the versions, along with them,

if you can do option formation.  If you want then

also see the one about Denigration of Denigration. If you want to

see what we can do inside Pandav animation then

also write Garam here, then we can see one level plug like this,

then if we write then we will show all the wisdom as

impressive as we will give.  I P

means problem, whatever practice

is popular will show here. Daughter

means only three, so I have also seen one table spoon in it,

anti a all in all

will be more correct than singer, you popular has changed

double times, place CB  Which backup DB

database exposes, there are many

options for us from here, if Yusuf Tel

went to us, then what we have to do is basically

a WordPress site

that census, if we take the help of Manchurian in this,

then we are getting options like we can

use  Here we can use a pin for more

plugins, IT All Teams and Videocon

Backup, we can extract all these things properly,

this will be enough for me to

extract the information, so use the

function here to subscribe to BT AP channel,

so what will we do?  And if we can use,

then let's do this work here

so that we can do this, we can present it through control,

after pressing here, now our Ghaghra option is A, so

what, then let's record the

options here.  Ko Se People and Prawns-18 for All

Scenes cb&i 223 All Games All this in chief

I Mukesh you can add it here,

this will be enough for us

and what else can we add besides that,

we have mentioned it here.

If you want, you can take it on 24th June. If we want then it is

clear that we

can store the film, which will be better, so

we write the date and

fun here, through which we can use it on occasions.  Let's

put the name of which we will keep it as

WP scan

that dot st sona 20 cricket team's name has been

made inside it we will say yes to it, if we

can see this data then we

will do mental so now here

is our scanning.  It will be cleaned, it will

scan all the 30 plugins, it will

tell its weight and you can see the future

here, how it can be related to Vikram, we

can remove the mud, treatment,

our work is through scanning part blueprint

scan, we get very good information.

Will give here, keep one thing in mind

that SSC's three friends are dot co dot

uk, inside this there is a tasty site Acid

GPS but if you open it, you will not

get it. If you are not able to open the side,

now confirm the URL once.  Now

you will be able to see here once again what meter you have to put on the volume, so you have to

put it on this so that you

can press your skin properly, so here

I have started the scan, do this and make your own

choice.  Will take time, it will take some time

here, okay, so here we did one thing,

one thing that we did was that Anu Malik, we

told here among them, the

peace of mind which is used till the pension, as many

recommendations as possible, so here I feel  If you want to

do animation then here as we will

tell it all the processes of tumor action through dad new mp rto

animated function

or we can also put tasty

here if we want to keep the old one then

now you will write the date here that

black  Wrote a diary, which means green

chillies will start, a box of CBD B

which was the basic four things, all these

things will be celebrated, will be scanned, we will get

300 more versions and will get the verses of those who were engaged,

which flight will we get on this

and also letter 20  If I get a creative face,

then I enter here that it can be

started, no matter how many steps we take, there will be

no stone here, basically you will have to keep doing it

until it is complete. Whatever and it

will be stored as per our developers can not start.

Inside, we will wait here

for the jersey to sleep in this well and then it will be completed.

Whoever finds his stop will come in front of you. For the

next owner, he will start, so

till then let's wait, listen,

our skin is complete now.  Singh will

balance and see if there is any Odia with this name,

you can see that there is a file named scan.s on W,

so let us

use it here and see, we will

write four here, we can cut it and see

or we can write one and a half.  You can see here by covering it we will do

wp scan dot sa candle

ok so if it is open here then it is

visible in the scan here it is not there it is

not allowing to enter here ok ok

so here see you here  But let's scan the

loot. Okay, so there is a flashing thing here, it is

enabled. Now what will be our task, we will

search the latest closed ones from these things, we will

see what is related to this in the exam. Is it

possible that it is possible here also?

This is with the help of my daughter, which is the

waist, you are through this and here

and let's see because we will meet in the office,

sorry, water is found in the midstream, which is basically

someone, I will share the details at the time of weight of some soft,

which has been advocated, okay.  And here

we are also getting the backup data base, you

can see the cutting back team of the back blouse, this

means we can complete your

data base inside it, we can access it, if we

want, we will open it from here, we will

control.  We will copy through Gypsy,

we will open the settings with Control C, we will go to Add, it is in our browser

and here we will open Mute, we will

paste it, enter through Control D

and we will see the database

file which was in front of us, it has come from this.  If we

cancel it, then here we are

getting the data which was very good about the plugins. Okay, here you will get one more thing, there will be

a lot of good information for you inside it,

so here we will get the

file which we have done in China above.  The weight of the year has come,

we can see the latest version Castrol Prana

Weight graph, what is British in the juice to be taken

and if you look down here, you will

get many more things, like and press that it

is China, its name is written here.  Which

is 2017 and the version here is

Detergent 2.7

and let's see if the CAN function is back. You must have

come here

so currently this is the information but

if you change the size at different times then

its  Inside you will get a lot of information.

Now if you add this thing then

basically suppose here we

got any thing. If here I got the name of any thing then

here we got the name of the theme.

Okay,

this is done and here we have milk.  2017 or

any plugin matching control your plugins

no problem not available here

canvas shoes if you get any plugin

then basically the

updated version will be more secure

but more powerful and on send you will

get only the old ones  If you

find any such old plugin

inside the website then you just have to go to Praveen and scan it. From

here we search about it. We

go inside the restaurant Biwi. It is

in this video

which is Google that is also called

spider-  man will go and search the name of that plugin

Alarm Any Plugin Raja Example

It is found here in Mang It is

written only W once BCCI President has got the job,

then you are able to see this

WordPress plugin WP Fonts

People Manager WP Google Maps These are as many as

You started seeing that I am

British here and if anyone has any news then you have to

search and you will know

whether it is available here related to it or

not, how much is it for you, is it available or not, you

can subscribe to it.  If you are

not able to show it through scanning here then at present you can

scan it on the streets only by taking the permission of any good platform

and a very good and

quality organization is looting the jobs, you have to keep in mind.

That and Poshan Yatra, you will get some faces

which can be opened to get the information

or else you will get the office version

which will help you to find out that the

software is there in your computer, it is old,

in this old dream, this One Pretty

had come once upon a time, now now  The use of the same 120 is

that you

can subscribe to the website which makes the system complete but

keep in mind that you should do it only with security proper, you should do

inspection with permission and without permission, then do not call this phone, you do two things

which I told you decree.  You will get the

old version of the plugins and it will

focus on both the things. By taking the juice of these things,

basically you can compromise the press side once, you

can set it,

it is just Jumla PCs, such shortcomings, if

you get like the file which is there.  If it is open then it can

also cause damage to the road. Thank you for

watching this video. See you with another video.

Thank you a [

music]

hua hai

[music]

do.











Hello Hello Everyone, So how are you all? Your

Wedding Day Ghar Ka Makkhan 200 Tag Mein

Ashish Kumar Today I have brought a video for you all

where we are going to see how

we can do the same in our virtual machine and basically

in the virtual machine.  You

can install the operating system again. The

operating system is a line

registration that removes the basic. It is similar to a

large extent, it provides a very solid,

ethical hacking, penetration

testing, separated end and it

also prevents you from security. So I  Today, if we are going to

install the Android operating system,

then basically we will

download it, for that

I will run it on the browser and here,

after going to the browser, we will

write here Parrot Owais Download Dhay

Kal Su Pad Apps to download.  After this, here

you can see Starfish in English,

Parrot Chauhan, if we click on it, then

its download will improve in front of me, if it does

not open, then I will click on the download button,

then the page will open in front of you. The

thread is back as many versions as there are.

Committee weight from different types of weights, all the places where we

believe, then which one do we have to

take here? Gas Security at UK is

open source, so it is free and

basically security edition. If you read it, then

you will be told about security additional.

SP Share Post Operating System Designed

for Penetration Testing and Team i.e.

Edition Singh and Team,

both of these also increase your hearing

but then here this is our best

because you will get print grnw20 inside it,

so we are here  We will click on Get Secure Edition

and here

whichever option suits you, whether

torrent file or direct download, we

can click on it. If you transfer, then

it should download. If you

do anything without any advice, then you will see the download start.  It will be done

here, OK and

here the download has started,

message plan cancel, record is present,

it has been downloaded, now we will go to

our virtual machine, where we will

create urination, moving

like our washing machine, the sun here, we

children.  I got worried, here we right

click on administration, we will

give alloy deformation, we will do gas and here

our washing machine has started, now we have to

do this, then click on new

version machine, you will be seeing the option

control and saffron, this account.  So

here we have the option to create urination.

We will

add the default option which is typical

and after that here we will select our apk

file which is

read in dengue folder. Now we can give it.  First the

drive file is lying here, we will click on it, select

that file and

we will do next, now we have to select here

which situation is, so if we do

not understand much college on Linux

and after that here you are from a country.  Inside

this, if you look at the operating system,

you are not getting the pilot here. If you are

not seeing the pilot in the needles, then what we will do now is

basically here we will

give it bring system, ask for

text format, we have selected 64-bit

operating system here.

Next we will do it and here, if we want, we

can give sleep to the one whose real name is

parroted,

then we will give some solutions, inside here we

can basically select

where to create the virtual machine, if your

serial number is very high.  If I do

n't have a stage then I will give you this inside

that you can directly seduce her here and you can

change her bra and her location. If

I do it now then the guide I have here is that I

will commit suicide in the drive. Okay,

that cash.  Here we dry flat

and tell that it

was from

the local disk, so we have selected the local disk.

Inside this, if we want,

we can create a new photo, which we

will name Parrot, so here,

install this to my complete virtual machine Singh.  Once done, we will

select it, now you

can see the location which is out at K, i.e.

inside the driver of the dietary center, create a folder here on the total station,

inside that we will have that cigarette which

destroys here.  So here you have the

option, here first of all you have to

select the size of the virtual machine,

then you will remember the size, we keep the size

here, you stop the size of City GB Road

GB, we are late for it and pay

attention here.  Keep in mind that it will be better to avoid a single fold

because if you

find a different way then by mistake you may find

that all of them are at the same place, then we will add it

here, now we will cut it,

show the settings here.  Do the

type of memory you want, it will roll opposite to the metro,

here it will

be end professor, which is our

processor, we will keep the number and processor same, the

core processor will cheat here,

OK and here, if we see

200, all these settings are correct here.

Verify slide that IS File Network

Adapter will be correct Unity End Here

tell the settings of USB Printer is also correct

all settings are now serial confidence

is correct now here we want we

can turn on excellent 3D graphics but the person is not alarming

See and one, we will

click on finish here, by clicking on finish here, there

was installation process in our office, for that I will see a button in front,

click here, the installation

process will be cleared, here and here

we have the option like, subscribe and share.  Should do want to

see Redmi Note Ram

President Seeks to reset,

all this option is installed special,

what do we have to do, try install, basically

start it, we click on times and then

here you can see it is

very lovely.  The interface which I am showing, I am

giving it four skins. Okay, so please

send it to very happy parents. And

we are seeing the operating system here, so this

size is 8 operating system, it has

started live for once, now we

install it.  Mostly Ubuntu is the operating system,

it is a live chart,

it depends on us, mylife is running, whether we want to

close it, want to

save the file in Princess Stories or whether we

want to install it, then let's install it, we

will click on the savings here

here.  Asked to like and share this, you

can see how the language will remain American

English, if you don't find anything related to Indian, then

comment and we will wreak havoc on the world next. And

here, you

can select whatever is the time, like if there is time, then

here.  We can select Kolkata which will

follow us here, Ishita and

here we will do next, apart from that, rest is

required, okay here, which is also

set well, attention, what will we do,

manual feed, this is not there for us, we

basically  We had created this,

subscribe, so there is nothing here, here there is a

disco option on which

delete all the current president subscribe here

subscribe here it is the

time of both the institute of beat officer

I click on it to install it.  We can do this

so that it is more secure, so I will do the next thing

here if everything is correct,

here it is asking us to keep the user name and

whatever is related to it

so that we will be logged in and can follow the training,

so here the user  Let's write the name

that the breasts are there,

how is the keyboard here, it is

selected in Hindi, let's change it from you,

but we will back it, we will do a grand, the

best thing in the limit here is that basically by going

back, the settings you have made wrong.  This

can be done heart so here we have

English and will give it

ok perfect this is perfect line

destroys the mission for me Ansari setting is correct next will do

and here we will write

how ok ok

and recite

stuff we have  It is kept that breast and

here OK login what is the name of

computer so nothing will have to happen here but

even if we do windows from here it

will be fine. Told the district judge, whatever

system is there, we don't know about it.  Want

so that people are ok and here you can see

subscribe here add what you don't want to do like

subscribe us here

everything is there

click on install here don't

forget to subscribe here the catabor system which we

It has been completed, you can see

here and if we click here, the

pet operating system will not start here but our

installed system is our own, it will start, once

we see it, we will click on done from here and

here our computer

which  The list is starting, this

WhatsApp message is starting here,

OK Champa will enter to enter and

here is our Jiya DJ, it has

started, you will be able to see my feet, if you

mental, then you can see

me here.  If I put the user name then it is already visible to me

that sign in here is our password

etc. which I have there then I

enter the password and here which is

ours ok we log on if you

mean us keep only the numbers.

In your password, here you can see

that our operating system is

starting and it will be installed in the computer and it will

start. Here

this is our recent very good

benefit. Well, you can see it here.

There are all the applications which will be

given here in the festival which

are redefined with the operating system on our feet and install them. Let's

immediately watch my video where

we saw how we

can install the operating system on our feet. So let us

see the company station.  We

take care of our system in the box,

we give training to those who can serve the system in it, the

members have to be muted

inside a pan raw which is a very easy

process, you guys must have seen the first stage

in different videos, then Meera.

You must have liked the video of

Tel Dance Thank You [

Appreciation]

A [

Music]

Ki A

Do, see you tomorrow with another video









Hello Hello everyone, how are you all? Hope you all are doing good. Welcome to

Green Day Test.

Ashish Kumar. Today I have

brought a video for you all where the viewers

can tell me how to install the operating system of the duplex. Black

economic is like this.  The operating system which is basically

hackers vibration tester is designed for that,

inside which we get many 2302

movies, very good

scripting and a lot to know,

less platform, fate is tomorrow and pendant

dust will make it dry and very school

looking.  If it is a platform then let's see

how we can install it in our home.

Here its apk file is only 16 GB and

we will find many more tools and things inside it. So let's see how we

can install it. We will open our

browser.  After opening the browser here,

we will basically go and

write this is black out day and

enter it, we will duck duck duck duck go for this

item is on the official site and here we

can see the option to download.

Here we will join it,

then the whole spider-man is coming in front,

I want operating systems and destroyer,

hence Aayushi or if you

want a computer operating system, then we

will start the basic computer operating system only.

Here, if you want, then you can directly upload the image

file.  How can you download the browser by clicking here?

If you click on the button

then the type will appear with you and

you

can download the basic Vishal through any friends through shootout. Here you

can see that the operating system of those 15GB

is  Which is only movies right now, it is going to go

a lot during installation,

here we are going to install like you,

today it is a very interesting

operating system, seeing this, how will

we start, I have to download it here, already

click on to learn in it.  You

can set it to download by doing this, I have already

downloaded it, so here you

can see the dull face, here we see

this in which basically we first

transferred don't, through that we have to

download our IS black file, here

now our

What will we do with its installation process?

We will

first create a question box through the work station. So let's

go by right clicking on the work station. After

entering this, we will give the withdrawal mission

here and then after doing the admission,

we will create here.  We will create a small

box inside which we will start our

back today, so here what we will do is

click on file, here we will click on new washing machine,

its short form

is control and here we will add the recommended option

and here  But we will

file, select our eye so that if it is

black then it is checked then download, we

can see the moon, now we should keep white snake and make it

accessible and we will make it flat and we will do the

next thing,

now what is its distribution, which

warm will we put here.  If there is a link in the lines

then we can see if you have

received anything in the check return. If you are not getting the loss today, then

what should we do here, we will

put this in the dil part only, here, now we will

put this in the shift, we

will do it next.  Here now they are asking us the

name of our washing machine and the location of the voucher option that is

created, the name of Ishwar Chandra Bose,

hostel location, so here we will

name it Black Art and its location, if we

put that then basically that

chapter is empty.  If she recovers quickly, then

without looking directly, we

give our pain here, create a new folder here,

which we will name now size and we will

make it

200 here, ok, I am not signed in yet,

let's check Viber.

Yes, it is done.  So here I have selected the bank account,

OK, I will add

next and here I am asking

what is the size of our voucher box, so if

this bank is keeping it in the economic equality system, then

Metros Pandey ji can also do it here and here.

This toe watch and sa will be single folded, all

this silently, all the

complexity should be

stored in a single file, here we will do ok next, there is

more customer relation here,

what place did it happen in between?

Like the settings, we have RAM settings, we will

give here, you drop around 1GB, it

continues till 5GB and

here we see the process, the number

of professors, we will give it here,

Professor Alan gives it and here  But okay,

all this is absolutely correct by the Sangh, it also controls

whether we play this show inside

or not, you can enter your scooter in this specific way,

you can set everyone's song

here, if you want a disposal system, then

research things.  You can do it but we will not do it here now, let's

press end and

finish, then you can see that the

tablet will automatically back up, which you see here,

so now we have to

click on Power to start the installation process.  If you

look at it with for interview on Rangers washing machine, then it is very school interface,

now it has a lot of center here in the

front, you can see it is optional, if you want to

use flop, you have to do 36, if you want to shift,

then they will cigarette 64-bit, it will be with

speech.  So we will not do it, which option is normal, we will

tick it, we will enter, from here the

installation process is starting, I will

coldplay the control reddy

basic that I can come out of this terminal also from

this video and

here we are.  By clicking here,

I will give it to you, here we are

asking for the user name and password of the blackheads, so

what will we do for that, we will go to its

official site and see what is its

real user name and password, we can go

here but this  Show the

user name and password of Black Jamne, so here you

can see, here is the user name of juice,

that is root and password is Vikas, that

time is basically useless at both the places, teach user

name is root, put it in root and

password have  Bean

is quite a, so here our back's permanent

alive has started, now we will see

all the interviews here for which you did

not see anything special, there are no options

which you can take and use, the

special thing here is this.  Complete Terminal Best

Wishes Complete Amazing Line which is there by

commenting in the interview, you will get life in it in very less, if you

want, we can add carrot

and here its special things

are complete amazing interpress and inside it

there are very good options very well.

We are asking that we should not keep

our system here at all. It is quite popular. You can see

here the steps for Dussehra.

We are bringing the option which is not easy. We will go

to the terminal first because we have to start its installation

process. At present it is available

only here.  Live is being run, so

here I have turned on the terminal and now we will

start the purse accordingly, we will

see blackout dash installed here, so now there will

be 15 BA-BSC's OK OK, we

will enter about ourselves.  And the shop will remain here, so

we asked you 3 options, to start,

through the repository, live through it and through the

placement, you can see here

that it would be good if there is zoom, so

here this room function is not useful.  Will do

foreign computer for treatment, minute late, we will have to have

some more confidence in that fort,

so now we start here, we will

do technical mental and here it is

asking us do you

want to do deformation, here I want to share the lips more.

If so then enter the alarm by commenting here

which is the deposit and

here it is asking us local i.e. test your local

then I will do this front canter and by

default we are back in which USA its

location right now we will keep it in YouTube pet.  The

responsibility of entering will be given to them in the second temple, they will be able to

enter the system of the body,

they will enter the system here, now we are asked here, in his pre coffee

videos, the sun, I told you, gives beauty, he gives beauty

anytime, whatever is his system.  When we are

testing any system, then the

name of our station can be seen in our log file. If we are

scanning the DSP scan like this,

then we have to keep in mind that basically, the

name of the station which we are using at our time is exactly  The normalized

window which is used by everyone is our

Princess Angana Black. Today it is a parrot or black,

so this is what we remember in the memory of Shaktidayini Maa

Durga. In a few days, I

will definitely tell whether its operating system is there and we

are using it properly or we are doing something wrong.  Here we are,

for now we will

enter here, we will enter 'Videos'

and here it is asking us

in which basic partition do we want to save

because we have created only one interesting box, so

we will see in its location, write 'Daddy MSD'

enter.  And here it is asking us

if we want to make a missed call, we will

take the center and now basically here we are asked to read the

question for installation, we will reduce it, we will

enter it using this, okay,

so here basically the device

Now we will present the special in front of us which

Bigg Boss used to lead, which

can be seen only here, whatever is being shown, so

now we have to take the information forward,

so what will we do with it, we are

new here.  But if you enter Mr., then you will give only the fifth number, here you will answer for

bootable, then

here the primary partition should be created so that if you want to

go to the bootable and enter then you

can see this partition but there will be a star on the bootable.

Here this bootable has been selected,

Clearing the partition and Ramesh,

whatever sacrifice people have made here, basically you

can keep the time of notification in the middle, I have taken it to the side, if

you want, give 1GB here.  This

end here, at the moment I want to create this partition which is ours and the

second one which we have to create

is for the white which can be mined

directly from the store and keep it in 1GB for 100 ODI,

then click on online payment here

and here  Because this

was all partition, so here we will go to its type and here

in strike

you can see vibes forever. If you enter then

its typing is here and now we will

save the last space, this is the place where

our princess will start, so new.  We will

create, enter here the

primary look partition, coriander, also

click on the right option on the lion and buffalo,

then here we will be subscribed, we have

already set the eyelids,

OK grade, now we can see here.  We are

dividing the world within one and a half inches, we will

mentally do it and here it is asking us,

yes okay, this is the show, now whatever our

process is, it is complete whether it is

selecting the partitions or doing 150 lights, now

we will do it here father.  It can start on command,

it presses the installation thread and asks do

you

want to keep it encrypted or not?

We too have not been deprived of cigarettes. It

gives time to keep it if you want, it is

quite secure.  Guys, send me a message about your system

right now because I have been watching for a long time and

here I have seen all the partitions in

front of us, we are asked about the

ghost partition, you will remember the hanging also

had a design made on it, the location of which is Teen Dev,

2017, this is life.  This was our 5GB ghost

partition, we will enter it here and here,

soon fruit Pakistan, we are being asked about the

room partition, we had kept it here,

bio,

asdl, three, ok, the left partition, which is the main one,

where it was said right, one and a half, whose location is

put.  Given mental, we will

keep the extension of partition as ext4 here and

apart from this it is asking us to swap

partition which we had kept on Davis J2,

discard Nitya Dev Ji, this Shiv, then you

will put it in front of yours which you see here and it will

go and  They will be asked that do you

want to do this? Okay, so whatever

here, you can see subscribe. It is asking

us for a new password.

Basically, we

type the picture and pulses password only. It

happened that

Lok Sabha passed.  Listened to the training,

now it is set up, normal Yadav and if you want, you

can add normal juice, I will get the use only if it is unbearable, I will

not give it time here,

how is it, give water is also set up here and

pass after completion of the station.  Here we are being

asked to add time juice from 256, from

that we will enter ward-41, body will be

selected as the time, here we will click OK and then enter the

side effect time has been selected,

one

on this suggestion.  Can give shape, that time is getting written

blackal installation successful

uninstallation power successful done quite

good it is written that different different so

here it is of our back which is

installed which has many which

special many many functions inside it  This

jio4gvoice is less than jio4gvoice, here it is said about its special thing,

we can use any browser from here, we can open it

by right click, gems will be available, apart from that,

if we had gone on backfoot here, we would have been able to

write every part related article.

Penetration testing function

related to things, you can see where you will meet,

if you want to go to a party, you

can use it through juice here,

okay happy, I am giving the camera. In the video, you

will like the video where we have seen the black art

installation.  How can the company solve the

operating system of the back? It is a very

good operating system because its

solution for this is that you must have liked watching the war video. See you

tomorrow with another video.

Thank you [

Music]

That

[Music]

to Ajay










Hello Hello One, how are you all and

today I, Ashish Kumar of Riding Hood,

put it for you all where we are going to see

how we can definitely start an opening session,

definitely basically one

such slamming even today.  It is an operating system

within which we are being provided with many features

and it is very

good. Basically, its

functions are confident in nature and we have provided very

good functional features here,

so today we will discuss about it.  The

most important thing for him is to start the installation process by going to the browser from

where we will start the basic information purpose, here we will

write Garuda

and

that here, you

can see all its

special features by going to its office here.  It is mentioned here that it is easier to

install and its gambling is also

not very good and many such

features have been given to us by our guru, it

is visible here, so here we have

many things from very good Tuesday system.

The Guru who provided us, now we have to

see its station here today,

how can we follow it inside our voucher box, we will

click on Bhangarh, first of all add here, we

will join it by default

language, as if it is not there then I will

select here.  If you can then

download here you can see as you scroll down

here Kimam pass download

depend download game in edition toe black

jubilee additional showing also below is

high two different and environment happens

with access Yorkshire  And here we have the

genome which we mostly use, which is

very good in preventing zero, so every

involvement has its benefits of juice here,

but always in juice, basically on  You can

download the

credit here, if you want, you

can also use e-paper through social sites to make your daily work successful. Through our blog, you can download 'Daba Student',

you can download 'Pipe' through YouTube, then

I can download 'Political' through YouTube.

From here you will download

5.0. Let's go through the check box after seeing the question.

Here

our PM has come towards the children's box.

Now what we have to do here is to right

click and bring Sharmistha. Here

I am Sagar option.  Aa Gaya Dum, we will click on new

and here we will definitely name it Aa

Aa

Chanod, which is the folder which is the shoulder of the Sangh,

add acid, here you have the

story, whistle directly in a more relaxed feel,

you want your driver

folder name.  They can change I

also believe in all add electronic media

that I install it and

launch it in typing here and

inside the weight I call it death certificate of deposit

64-bit operating system iOS app pilot next

End is saying ok ok

then it completes it quickly Next

end Subscribe here Subscribe

here Subscribe here It is

written here that it means school as well

Subscribe here

So here our voucher is Sainik Bachchan

and chocolate.  Now we will

start the installation process, we will click

on Start and till now

we have not told you this here, do not select here,

do not tell the location of the mobile, so we are being

asked here, now we will click here,

click on Android.  We will download the

knowledge that our apk file was downloaded,

it is lying there, I will select it and if we

double click here, then

this decision is taken, that is, we will take this white letter here,

click on next, click on install,

click on OK, now I will make it big.  I will

put the snap OK grade here

automatically which is coming Sagar option, we will

click here and enter OK

Ender

that what proof do you people that Garuda has come then it

is best now enter that if your pimples

are like this then you start like this  You can

enter here, here the

registration process will start but

here you can see that

coding is coming in front of you, you are not seeing any entry

but what can you do,

basically by clicking inside this type, you  On A means the

notification that is there is that when you

click on it whose creature will

appear in front of you, you can see it, then spread it

in the page, if not back, then here you

can see what is happening here, to the front.  First of all,

subscribe here, then here you

can see a little bit here, subscribe this channel, here you

can see here, here you can see our system,

Juta in Company G must be feeling very good,

here this  And here I will

install the icon that you see in front. From here

we will start the installation process, so

without delay, you can see it, so that

you also like it, we

will click here and here I

will install the link.  Friends, the icon has been removed

and here the language starts from 'Man Shukar', it

is American English, it

will be correct, next we will do the location, it has been

proved to be absolutely correct, next next ok,

everything is correct here, whatever

is English, we will select it here and  Here he

sees the meaning, okay now

loot okay so basically this is good enough, we will

repair it, here English will come okay okay that and

emerge superhit English, so this

English will sleep perfect here, the keyboard will do it

here, it is saying that by doing whatever we have

done  To work on this or if it is

like this, then keep in mind here, we will

not do it, we will not do it, we will subscribe

partition end here, here we will

disco here, then here is

OK password 21 a

loot, we will

repeat the password

that today  Here

we will automatically keep the quantity key, after that this user's password

for the administrative account is absolutely correct.

Which password will we keep? Next, let's do the next.

End location

keyboard auditions are set here. We

clean the installation animals. Now we can take the party

select.  This is our voucher which was

made by Batham, the proper status is of GB, I will

start on this letter, automatic restoration will start

from all the parties which are closed in white,

they will be automatically increased, then we will

click on install, here if we click on install,

then it is quite good.  There

is a delay in the installation process in the shoes, we have to focus a little

more in the command line in the lens,

but here we see that it

is giving a very good extension, so let's go here, the

installation is complete, we have

marked the option, we will expand it easily, Suraj.

Yadav's song video where we saw

how we gurus

can install our disciples inside our PM virtual box.

Hope you like the video. See you

tomorrow with another video. Till then

don't like, share and subscribe.

Do it now thank you a

hua hai [

music]

hua

ki a









Hello everyone🙂

How are you?🙂

Hope you all
 are doing good🙂

Welcome again to
 WsCube Tech🙂🙂.

I, Ashish Kumar, have brought
 a video for you today

where we are going to
 see how to hack webcams.

We can hack webcam
 of every device like

Android, laptop or

any computer in which
 external webcam is connected

or the internal webcams
 that come with our laptops,

how to hack
 those webcams.

Today, we will see
 that through CamPhish.

This is such a tool

which exploits
 through the browser

and how it works,

I will explain you that.

Let's go to our
 Kali Machine

and let's see
 how it will  work.

So, we have come
 to our Kali machine.

First of all, we will complete
 its installation process.

For that, we will
 go to our browser.

Let's start the
 browser here.

I will remove this.

Let me make
 this screen wider.

So, our browser
 is getting started.

So students, our browser
 Firefox has started.

We will write
 CamPhish here.

And then we
 will press "Enter".

It will automatically
 show the GitHub's first link.

You can see that it's the page
 of CamPhish of techchipnet.

We will click on this.

And we will download
 it by following

the instructions to
 download this software.

The first step that
 is so normal is that

we will click on "code"
 and copy its URL first

so that we can download
 this file through Git clone.

And then by following the
 process that is given below this,

we will install it.

You will see its complete
 installation process here.

So first of all,
 let's download it.

We will go to
 our terminal first.

So here our terminal
 has been on.

We will give root
 permissions to it.

Let's give root permissions here
 and let's enter our password.

And we have got
 the root permissions.

Let's clear it.

Let me zoom
 it slightly.

Here, we will Git
 clone that URL.

We will write
 here: git clone.

Before that, let's go to
 Downloads directory.

When we write "ls", here, we
 already have CamPhish with us.

But, we will use
 it one more time.

Here, we
 will write:

"git clone" and
 then the URL.

So, it will clone the
 file inside this URL

which means that it will download
 it in the Downloads directory.

Now, if we
 type "ls" then

it says that it
 already exists and

your file will download
 as soon as you hit "Enter".

But we can write
 "ls" and check here.

We are getting the file
 named CamPhish here.

So, we will write
 "cd CamPhish"

We have completed
 it by putting a tab.

We will write
 "ls" here.

By mistake the caps
 lock has turned on.

After checking
 with "ls",

we have got the files and the
 images captured by CamPhish.

Now, to see how to use
 it and how to run it,

what its installation
 process is,

we go to our GitHub
 page to see that.

I will left
 align this

and then we
 will see here.

So here it is told that first
 of all, we have to clone it

then we have to
 go to its directory

then we just have to run
 our camphish.sh file.

We just need
 to run it and

the installation will
 happen automatically.

That programming is already
 done in this scripting file.

So, we just need
 to run this file.

So, we will go to
 our terminal again.

So, we have come to our terminal.
 We will display it fully.

We will clear it first.

And here we
 will write:

"bash" and
 our file name

which is
 camphish.sh.

Here, at the end, there
 is camphish.sh.

So, we will go to
 this file using tab.

So, we have added
 camphish.sh file here.

We have written
 "bash" to run it.

Here we asked

through which server,

we want to do port forwarding
 and perform this action.

So, I will recommend
 you ngrok only.

That is a very
 good option.

We will click on
 ngrok and hit "Enter".

If you are hitting "Enter"
 for the first time then

it will set some configurations
 and download some files.

Let it do that.

It will automatically set and this
 scripting will do its own work easily.

As soon as it
 downloads ngrok

and adds its
 authentication,

it will do everything on
 its own automatically.

But here, it will
 ask us 2 options.

First one is
 Festival wishing.

Let's see what is
 a phishing link.

We do cloning of
 anything in this and

as soon as any person
 goes to that site,

either he gets redirected
 to the real site

where he reaches to the website
 or page that we have only created

which is a phishing URL or a phishing
 page or a phishing website.

So here, we will assign
 it a phishing URL

which is such
 a link in which

our programming is there
 to access the camera.

As soon as he
 clicks that link,

we will be able to access
 the camera of that person.

And then that person will be
 redirected to the original site.

So, this is a very
 good option.

I like YouTube
 videos so much.

We will write "True"
 and hit "Enter".

And then it's asking
 us the ID of YouTube.

So, let's take
 an ID here.

So, we will minimize it here
 and let's go to our browser.

And we will open a new
 tab in the browser and

we will write
 "YouTube" here.

We have got
 YouTube.

Now, we will select
 any one video.

So let's select any video
 of WsCube Tech here.

This is the last
 video of keylogger.

We can select that.

So, we have
 selected this video.

It has opened and here, we will
 get its watching ID in front of us.

Here, its ID
 is opened.

First of all, we will
 close this ad.

We have got the watching
 ID which we have to copy.

We will do Ctrl + C

and then we will go
 to our terminal again.

And we will enter this watching
 ID through Ctrl + shift + V.

And we have to take care that
 no space should be added.

So here, we can't press
 the arrows keys.

We will directly
 hit "Enter".

Now, it will create
 a clone page.

If any person clicks
 on that URL directly,

if any person clicks on the
 URL that will be allotted to us,

he will be redirected to the
 page that we have created

through which we will be
 able to access his camera.

That person will
 be redirected

to the watch ID of the YouTube
 video that we have put.

We have
 got the URL

and this URL will work
 in wide area network

because port forwarding
 has been performed on this

through ngrok server.

We will copy it
 with Ctrl + Shift +C.

If you press Ctrl +C, then
 everything will close.

Keep in mind that you
 should not press Ctrl + C.

So, let's test on
 our browser first

how it is working.

Or else let's go to
 our Windows machine

which has completely
 different IP

which will work
 as a WAN attack.

So let's go to
 a different IP

and we will go to
 our web browser.

And here, we will
 paste that URL now.

We have
 pasted the URL.

Now we press "Enter" and
 what will happen next?

As our Chrome browser already has
 the permission to access the camera,

it's asking the permission
 to access the camera.

It definitely asks
 for the first time.

And the phishing URL that you
 have made, if you provide that

and on that, if there
 is such a website

or a link where the
 permission is easily provided

then it will not ask for
 the permission again.

Otherwise it will definitely
 ask for the permission once.

But, any one will
 give this permission

because it's doing the
 work of that kind only.

So, anyone will
 allow that.

And as soon as
 the user allows it,

what special
 thing will happen?

Here, camera will
 be turned on.

Though it is an Android device or
 a laptop or a windows computer,

as soon as someone
 clicks on it,

here, the images of that
 person will start coming.

We will go to
 our terminal.

And we will go
 here in the terminal.

So here, you can see that it's
 showing "Cam file received".

Now, we will see inside this
 which type of files are received.

Let's go to
 our directory.

All these files will be stored
 inside our Downloads folder.

We will get all of them
 in CamPhish folder.

We will go to the CamPhish
 folder which is the first folder.

Here, you can
 see that

so many images of mine are
 being captured continuously

and there are so many
 images shown here.

As soon as you share
 this URL to someone...

As of now, I will close it because
 it's showing my images only.

So, here you are seeing that it's
 recording cam files continuously.

If we scroll up then it has
 restored so many cam files.

As long as that person
 is watching that video

and as long as
 his tab is open,

we will have complete
 access of his camera.

Now, this thing can be used
 used in very good cases.

There will be no sense
 in misusing it.

If WhatsApp or
 Facebook or Instagram

or anything of a person
 whom you know, is hacked

then you can
 send an URL and

as soon as that
 person will click this URL

and if you will be able to
 see the photo of that person

then you can easily
 guess who is doing that

because these kinds of
 Facebook or Instagram attacks

are mostly done by some
 known person only.

So, you can easily confirm who is
 doing these attacks or harmful things.

So, use this for
 good purpose.

CamPhish is providing
 us a very good service.

We can do some
 more advanced things

by changing some things
 in this programming itself.

We will see that
 in future sessions.

It means that we have a code and
 we know what are its possibilities.

And we can create
 any such codes.

Anyhow, we have to
 make a program only

through which we can perform
 any activities that we want.

So, we are going to see so many
 advanced things like this in future.

So next time, I will bring some
 videos for you related to that also.

So, I hope that you might
 have liked today's video🙂

where we hacked web
 cams using CamPhish,

be it of Android devices
 or of Windows devices

or of laptops or
 of computers.

We can access
 any web cam.

I will show in
 coming videos

how we can do some changes
 in this programming

what are the things
 that we can change.

We can access
 anything by just coding.

We have come to know about a
 possibility that this can also happen.

So, we can definitely do
 all the things because

our browser already has
 so many permissions

to access files, 
camera, audio and

many other permissions that we
 have already given to our browser.

And if you want to
 join a course related

to ethical hacking or
 penetration testing

or if you want to learn
 more advanced things

which we are not
 able to teach here,

then in the description
 below, a link is given for you

where you can fill the form
 and solve your queries.

So, let's meet tomorrow
 with one more new video.🙂

If you have not liked,
 shared and subscribed

then do it now.👍👍

Thank you🙂

***Music**








Hello Hello everyone, how are you all, I hope you all are doing

welcome to my YouTube

channel,

what is it about Ashish Kumar Singh and

about it, please

subscribe

and this is the complete process that we will

go through. This is that process.

To use it as well, you

subscribe

means that the

person will tell you what steps to

do and the light inside it,

tell the movie and along with that, through which tool

it should be worn, he will also tell you,

so here  But after acquitting the option films, let's

see how it is and what is the use of

our browser, I will write here

that the cent from work under

here, its first side, open side,

play it on mobile, village here

because of Hussain films.  But if

your weight is there, then press here, what you

can see is that it is showing here in a

very nice chart format, job skin in type,

so whatever it is, it is complete, is

n't it complete in all of them?

Basic Information Gathering is a complete step by

step here and all the processes inside this Information Gathering are

explained in the T-20 used inside it. So let's

see how it works. Very good

enterprises. Who gave the interface? For

example, if you are a user.  Missions on Name Saturday,

what will all this do? We will click here

and here we can see the

specific size of the user name search engine. Now let us see this,

hence there are user name search engines

through which we can directly enter the user name and

remove obscene things from it.  Now you

can see your name check loan exam name

chapter, there are different Sachins here who

help us in deciding Bhushan only through user name, if you

comment on it to Ravi,

then at that time basically you will be

able to discover yourself, there are many records.  It feels sad that we

give something and the more different and

some will grow in this direction, I will not give them normal grow

SC code, you can give quizzes,

village and surrounding areas,

vidmate function, comment,

then subscribe here, break down the

recipe information of any company.  You can do

it here, if you should

subscribe,

through subscription, we can get

office

telephone numbers,

Ghrit

and many

documents,

videos, as many as you should use,

if you try using it,

and it is

very neat and clean and very

active.  Will complete because where

you will spend very good Phool Singh Yadav

which will make your journey of penetration testing

very easy. So this was

our video of today in the morning and other times we have other

posts apart from that, we will also see them

daily, don't tell.  Which one did

you like best? So here we can use these stones

so that no

step is missed and we ask good questions so that we

can do information gathering well, I

can also do it in an automatic way too.

Thanks for watching this video, here we

meet with another video. Till then,

if you have not liked share and subscribe, then do it

now. Thank you A [

Music]

Kar Do

or A

[Music]

Kar Do.










Hello everyone, how are you all? Hope you all are doing good. Welcome

again.

I am Ashish Kumar. Today I have brought a video for you guys

where we are going to see

what Pantos Box is and how we

can install it.  So let's see

basically what is Pentest Box and how

wonderful is it? So for this we will first

go to its site. Here we

open the browser. We are here, so

here we have opened the browser. We will

write what

is the meaning of Pentest Box.  Penetration

Testing Box, so here we will write pen test

box

and enter, so here we can see that

basically it is the official site, it has come in front of me in the

name of pen test box, dot or

so here this is its site, basically it

is its website now.  Penetration Testing Box

What is this Pen Test Box? Basically,

many of you are saying that Sir, we do

not have Linux installed or there is an

issue in installing it. However, if there is an issue in installing,

then you can directly use

the virtual  The machine is of Linux, they

can be installed and given, you just have to

run it inside your virtual box.

Apart from that, here for Windows i.e. there

is a box for pen tuition testing, there is a

proper gate inside which every small

Tuesday.  You can help, you will get some tools here, there is

metal light and end map, there are

many tools here,

you are getting these tools inside Windows, so understand here, there

is a box which basically

commands are run, inside which and these

Plantation provides you the tools to do testing even inside Windows,

which makes your work easier even in Windows,

that is, you can perform the

testing inside the Windows operating system in the

same way as you would do without being

idle.  Also, we

do it inside the liner distribution, just because

this box here

is commanding the linings and at the same time here

we will get pre-installed tools for

plantation testing, so this is our pen

test box which is helping us.

For testing, now

how can we download it here? Basically,

as soon as we click on download here,

two options will appear in front of us, the

first is Direct Plantation Testing Box

which is Fantastic Box, we have to install it

and the second is for downloading.  That

is pen test box with matters provided,

so here I would suggest you to do

only with methoded version because it will have matter

somewhere in your scanning. You will have to do practical test,

so there you

can take the matter in it, so here you can judge.  We will

click on this source, it will read it on the internet site, we will agree, we will pay

here and here we will

click on download and the

download will start, I have it already

downloaded, so I will start

its download process here.  I am not starting, at the same time, pay

attention once

because when you start the download,

if the download is happening very slowly

or is getting canceled in between, it means the

power is not so strong, that is, whatever your

downloading speed is, it is very slow.  If it is available then

in that case you can also start the torrent download,

so how will we do that, we will

open a new here and write here that Fantas

Box

with Metal Fluid is

downloaded, what is its installation

process, then it is a very easy

process.  The installation process

itself is quite easy in Windows, so here

you can see the basic interesting

box that this file was downloaded like a torrent, it is

lying here in this

box with Metal X, you have to execute this X file

i.e. Run.  If you want to do this then you will

double click here, it will be

executed and after that you have to

start the installation process by doing next, it is a

continuous installation process,

after that no option will come in front of you,

it will be completed directly, all the

tools are there, all these tools are there for you.

You will get

a folder of the box in the C drive. You will get

it inside the C drive. So here I am

not continuing the process further because I have already

installed it.

You just have to double it, agree and

give administrative permission.  End

here, the installation will start, so let's

go inside our C drive, here

we have gone inside C type, inside C type,

you can see that you are

getting a folder here with the name of Pen Test Box.  If you

double click, then there will be

35 boxes in front of

you, it will run the

Which are our

softwares

which can run petition testing software, so here

we will double click on it, here you

can see basically the box is opening

here and OK, so currently it is

asking us to install the update.  If you want, you can do it

now, if you cancel for now, then skip this

version and here in

front of us is our pen test box,

and inside this we

can do as many steps as you want.  You

can take it from it as you can see

here, if I write n map then it is installed here

i.e. I

can do network scanning and so on,

if you have any idea related to how many things can happen.  By the way, you

can go to its site and get more information.

Advise What will we do? We will go to the bin

directory. If I don't know anything,

we know that inside the bin directory, there are all the

files and all the

commands that are executed.  According to what

Linux says, if we have come then

we can see what is the

software here, what are the packages of candy, that

is, now we can do the process related to Wi-Fi hacking

here, these are the

basic signs.  This is Jeep's hoga, I

think so I am basically Jeep and the files to unzip are the

reverse engineering of Android applications, usmein, the

tools that help us are also here,

SDK is here. Okay, great and here is

B.F.  Browser exploitation is a

framework, it is a work suite here,

so here we are getting many of them automatically, we

just need to run its command,

we can take it on 2nd, so this is Mention

Testing Box, Pen Test Box, which is

Windows.  It helps us to

perform the testing.

Whatever you want,

we are getting it installed here. So, if you were

worried that your next install

is not getting done, get the solution box and

practice with it.  Second thing, if

you are facing problem in any line of play store,

even if you are not able to find it, then

you should directly import the virtual machine,

that is, directly open the virtual machine

there because linuxi virtual

machines are also included.  You can follow the video to download which will be

available to you instantly in my video. You

can follow the old video which is the

installation video.

You have all these tools here under the settings. You have

seen the video where we have seen what is Pehentration Testing Box i.e. Pen Test Box.  Basically, what does it reduce

inside Windows? What good tools is it

providing to us? Foundation, for testing,

if we do not have Linux, then

now we can use it and perform the string.

Hope you liked today's video,

see you.  til tomorrow with another new

video thank you [

praise] [

music]

[music]









Hello Hello everyone, so how are you?

Provide food to all and welcome to the best.

Ajit Kumar brought a video for Azad,

where we are going to see that we give end made

subscribe,

they can be used, this will be available

soon here

on the network.

Very good script.

Subscribe to

our machine. As I click on it,

you can also add it

so that it can be taken to the next level.

Same process will happen in it, so we are testing it

which was

you.  I was installing it, you will get it directly in a trap,

Tehsil will be given inside your pencil box, it

gets baked, so here you have only

one file which will be done, we will

click on it and add it

and here for now I will cancel it.

Keep the weight and here let's see it through the weather,

okay great, so whatever is done here, now we

can do our display here, okay so

here you

can see here,

now here we

use

[music  ]

can be done

and can be removed in a good way

but the

most important thing is to

subscribe

so that it will be taken easily in

reducing weight. You will know that the

mother fuel of removing the version Ritesh

is to keep the divide phone with you if we want to

mentally.  You can keep bowing but for now, leave a

small comment so that I can explain to you the description of the

script,

where the people living near it

can tell through 19 that we sugarcane

is also Yasmin Network,

how easily it can be done on any other website.  If possible then here

we have taken out the weight details and here if

I tell the name of the tiger then

we will keep the target tests

php lead dots

that one wap.com has

not been appointed

here and if it is here then here

what

I have done here

But

if you want to

subscribe,

watch a space to listen to the disgusting, you can

specifically, we will write the video here,

Ireland, it's basically like this, script top

and

subscribe the Channel, through this, we

can't do enough here, what to

do, for whatever reasons related.  It

starts here by clicking here, if you want, you

can put any here, let's go here, if you don't know what you

can do, you will see here you will get 10

more times, now you can see

something or the other here.  This will definitely happen, which we

can see here, it has

come and just like this, it will scan the probity,

will put the words on the skin, whatever open

post this if e ware is basically dormancy,

whatever your post will

reduce the cost for their supremacy.  At the same time,

whatever you do on this website will be

searched through the meter, otherwise it will try to take a print out there,

so let's see how

interesting people are, on Noorjahan, we had

used the Blue Heaven Daughter script and now I have

come across its output for scanning.  Let's

first see how much vegetation there is, after

taking out its material, so let's go to the

top here, here we started inside it,

now you can see, by the way, first of all by

editing the support which is STD report

and here the snacks weight is also mentioned.  Along and

here he has told that TTP cross

dorment policy is one pretty so here the

cross domain and night access policy

both inside the British which has been straightened

here are giver nibbles and

what happens with these one video is basic here  But it has been

defined and at the same time

its result has also been explained here and if we

look at it in the context, it is climbed here basically and

that too without any test.

If I want to know more about it then hit it

in the same mind.  What can be the increase,

like how it is exploited,

then we

can read about it here by going to this interface and

if we turn on the most mode, then here

TTP CSR Davis took out the OK

of schools.  So back and here he has

extracted juice like STD-PCO, after that

spider-man limit see ok gas, here

he has laughed, to find out all the shortcomings, make

this parking, test all the payments that you

can extract, then here.

But in the end, we did

not take any CSR activity and here we got electricity in Dam Bay Given,

STP has been added, the

animation of Steve's website has been done, that is, some

such five things which can be used by us, some such

diets can be used by us.  She took it out from here and

gave it to me. You can see that

this diary has been taken out here and let's see what is there. The

spoon injection which is here has happened

here again. Admission has not been received.

Tips toe access has not been received here. End  By doing

Next here, the old version is 1.1

100. Inside it, you will get the update of

CBI, which is available in the details. By

going here, you can read the current update,

how it became matching, what can it do,

how much is it and how to straighten it.

It can be said that here the text has

also been explained to the great, this text

message is a small scan adapter stand

in its place, it has got a very good response

and this is also my region, by the way,

all the information is available through Bigg Boss to Kya Map.  Open Pores is

their service and their dominance and operating

system, all these details have already been taken out

and now

even if 150 assessments are done through this, its output will be very

good. To do 100%, the

data required which is input, you have already.

Who would have the basement built near us, the

deposit open pores, the weight and side details of the

services running on their words and the

operating systems,

then if he has the use of these services,

he can be very good in BTS,

which we saw here.  Sasural More

Camera Videos You must have liked Meena's video,

till then we will meet with a new video, one more thing, let me tell you, if

basically you like such a collection, there are

some things that might be hard for you, like we have

here on YouTube.

According to the policies, many things which

cannot be approved directly for penetration testing cannot be approved here. If you

want to join then try your

inquiry and call

here to get rid of any confusion.

To go to advanced level in ethical hacking and penetration testing,

you will find it in the form in the description below, click on skimming and if there is

any person, then submit and we

will join, okay or

thanks to the tree of penetration testing.  U A

[Music] Do it

happen

that A









Hello Hello everyone, how are you all, I hope you all are doing good and

welcome in to-do

list, Rajesh Kumar, today I have brought a video for you

where we will do

vaginal scanner for physical penetration

testing in our website.

Before that, subscribe.  If you

want to do anything,

then please do so in the description below and

subscribe. So

here is

S2, whose home

can be made a little bit and has to be

used so that our different and

different from all others,

till then we can do it in a good way here.  If it is

found, then definitely there should be a marriage line

in it, somewhere in it, the

heart is different, when the working pattern is there, it is different, to wish the

birthday, let's

start here, enter here,

subscribe,

then here you are able to see uni scalp.

Tell the description of here and

inside its description you can see that

this simple remote pollution and input

command will help in education of Forest

Act

2005 and

will help in finding them and at the same time if you

see its deficiency

then use it.

So here I have it

here and

here it runs

or

hate here

okay wait here it clears the skin so

now what to do here is to see whether the

mark is stored otherwise it

will scan so you can see you install

No pass automatic one option gas

not subscribed

that get install

uni scan if you have option to

enter

here end here

started here now we

will scan here so click here

here we

can subscribe subscribe  To

subscribe soon,

subscribe to appoint Uddhav appointment, there

is superintendence and str inside it,

but there are options like you

can also subscribe and

here I will add one more thing,

so whatever will be here

soon.  To know

how it works,

you can subscribe to this channel from here to that

one

web.com Subscribe to our updates Subscribe

here What we will

do here Subscribe Subscribe

No change is

required here and here we will do

this  Subscribe to the channel

Here

is the

stall extra we will enter here

two will be installed and which is our

ghagra

here

so this madam who is installed now

what will we do we will go back to write the same command

which is these units  Can damage your enter

and here you went to this tomato and

enter http call 100 and here we will

write ok search corrupt and here we will

write tests a php

dot one

wap.com subscribe subscribe

and subscribe this channel  If you

subscribe then here and

here the scan was done

Jhal

I Suresh here Manju The scan was

completed it has been completed now what do we have to do now we have to go

basically open log file

can be executed inside Chowkpur this fall so

what happened to him  So now I will

join it and I will join it, so

here OK, here the full edition has started.

If you guys look at the line now, the channels

are not running, then basically this work has

not stopped, which is the gravity server's

or  Web that it is running here, see

when I am also coming here, Ramesh will

do a class, we will wait for the scan to be completed,

security of the web, now let us close this process also,

time is running out in front of Vikas.  Tha but

here like we will

do open loop fast daily, whatever work is in front of us in the locked record,

all that if you can easily see

where to start the report while watching,

from here in the village, we have

English can protect in the report and

here  But first of all, what did you see, basically,

open its report in it and try to see

whether it is running or not, and after

putting it here, it has been taken out

on login, great and in the meantime, more details have been

taken out, apart from that I am  Record,

try to extract it here,

that Bang Ravidas has done it, take out

Skype by lip-syncing and the name comes

out, sometimes extract TRP,

get it for PTI from OK OK and at the same time turn

on this post mode.  So the track suit which

basically you try to tighten from the deposit system,

how much is the start of IPL till the system,

it has also explained its importance, there was

name from inside the MS form, there were many

symbols in the form related to the name server given in the mission office,

ok great

so  But also there is a grade here.

Hey, scanning is kept here to

strengthen it. Ok

subscribe.

This is what it is.

If you complete it like this,

then how can you see it by the name of what is inside the

report.  Is it not

and let

me

tell you and if you subscribe here

then as soon

as possible

we will post the report directly from here that there will be no regional indiscriminate hunting of war.

Basically you search for the report,

what happened sir, we have to unit it

now.

That inside the folder of Younis Khan, you

will find here the report

of encounter, if you add it, then

all the reports that we have seen till now

were loose due to technorati, but our

old reports, I can

subscribe here and cannot do

that 10019

Report inside the can

Those first 10 and here is this ship file

Open MS Word inside the face So we are

here but gifts

and

person can see here that

it

can be found quite well at the place only a separate subscription on them

Subscribe This is all

I can say to you, you will like my video in this,

where we used finger scan to

scan the side, where does the output report go,

share this, basically inside the unique end report,

you will get the side effects

there, Younis Khan  Tell us about the key and its

working and victory by defeating it

because we do

n't depend on search in just one minute.

Penetration testing inside we are different.

Ask 120. In some account or the other, difference in

search can be lost. Som hot.  Every

frame work done by the tool has an approved process, we have to

follow it to see how much

unique how-to we can generate and how much it

will enable us in the journey of pension. So let's meet

with another video. Till then

don't share your likes.  So see

thank you

[music]

or

[music]











Hacking Tools - Skipfish Tool | Web Application Security Scanner








Hello Hello friends, how are you all, welcome

and distinguished, today I have

brought a video for my loved ones, before that

tell me once, I am interested in any such collecting

and advance Pandey, now if you

want to cut the Bunty Bunty tree then for that.

Click on the link given below in the description and there you will

also get the contact numbers. Call now

and we will do the joint. Collecting Penetration

Testing Here Advanced Course of Daughter Hunting

And here we have brought for you

Installing Blackmail Blackpink

Basically Hackers Operating  The system is that

Bigg Boss, here we have an

operating system built on the Windows system, which is black and

mature, it is an operating system where there are

hacking tools, when people miss the call, they are

going to see what a wonderful

operating system and how to use it for hackers.  So let's

see the cycles of our

system here, we will take the morning and evening

also and click on the box from inside,

right click on it, give it admission permission

and here it has started, so

what to do here, first of all our

files.  Till the time we have to download this and

we go to the browser and here, OK

sir, here we will write black in the well,

comment in the Wi-Fi box of the SC, then it

means that you can see the status of your system windows

here.  Black Job System

Which website will we click on next,

after doing this we have to know how to download it,

so here we will see

how this side of the thing is, what is there is very good in this side

and here we have made it very good.

So here we will go, we will come,

put Chandrakar inside it, like we will start the

install in the process of going black, we will

roll on, you

can see here the

option to download comes that if you are in any half an hour.

So you will click on this, if you

are a pimple from here then you will click on this

that the one who will be made through this computer

is from Iran, so here it has shown us two types, to

download the two famous ones, I

will click on search here.  And after clicking on 10,

here we are downloading, it will

start as if you are downloading

and by chance if you are

not getting angry then you should do your VPN. If

you do your VPN then here

you will get downloading.  The download will start. If

your Dr. is 17, it will be Jaipur. So here

you can see your file. Here you

can see the Blackburn Rovers difference. We have

downloaded Twenty-20, which is

broken stories, which is in the digestive setting.

You can download this.  After downloading,

we see its storing process to

impress is very easy, so we will

select the size here

Reddy, now we have come here, our

word is on the machine, then click on media continue here,

sleep directly here.  Let's give that

movie Ae

Okay so here is the patients machine folder

where it has to be stored basically here

I will create Bigg Boss and give its location

then if you click on I

want my location then here about Ramayana

basically spice location.  Here

I select the symptoms channel and the

fact here we are serving spoon is

rebellion, the entry point system is

through Windows and here it is

asking for time, so I made it Windows 10 64

bit, next we will do it.  And here

we will select the exception, we

can see Ramesh on WhatsApp WhatsApp open five that this is the one that he will click on, we will

cut it,

we will next here and here

we have

subscribed here to

the most  Already send, haven't decided yet,

so let's see here, I can see here,

first of all you will have to report, click on,

after clicking, we

will click here in that folder, here we will subscribe it for 5 minutes

here.

I am Suraj here, we will click on Next, we will

click on both of these, as the window

system reacts, the

installation process is very easy,

after the installation, there are

many requests that will be available inside our Windows

operating system.  That our ES

file is there because here you must be

knowing that we will use it in life, so

if anyone has problem in getting it running, has anyone

seen the switch board exam, has to

start or is it something different but

ji inside Bigg Boss  Also here you will find this

platform and here

you will be indebted to Sade Kulwinder for this point

and at the same time here these

computers were made on the basis of the industry,

we will cut the time, you can see it

here and here  We'll click on custom install

so back here is a hybrid

that I created special that you back

no doubt here click on new

here apply and fact

okay okay so here we have it so

you can close  Next thing

I will do is

start it here, the server has started, now

Sharif will install the computer, you will get this time of reaching here,

you will get this time here in the office, we are lemon

friends, there are a lot of already bean

stopped in it, that too, so it will

take time.  While waiting, let's see,

after starting, father-in-law can do it where

our installation is completed and we

can see in front of us, here I am saying, press

control plus delete

to unlock the display, but the control like here.

Press delete. Now

comment on the main window of the system. If it will

not be done inside the machine, then we

should do two things here. First thing,

if our boss or did not show it, then for that

I will click on the printer.  You will

click on the integration, Soheb will

reach Chicago and the integration will start

and secondly, if you have a cigarette

and you have to use the option

outside the adventure machine, then in that case your right

control button is on the right hand side.  There is a

button and if you click on it

then you will see that the watering will come out

like here, we will click again and it will be

centigrade, the internet will be added here,

within the day in our years and

now it happened, now we have to press control delete here.

But here we

press the delete button on the side of the control, our window is

in the thing and will do these Ubuntu installation

work pregnant, click on delete on the keyboard,

subscribe, see this here, from here, here,

login here  But here you can see

what we will do here, if

you get all the subscribes here, then here I

want, this is

Ghr Ghr,

log in and see how is

our blackmail time, we will write black

50.  Person inside okay so here and

password have

this enter it is logging in here for the

first time our system which is disgusting system

and see here

try to remove a lot of people here so here the window

window operating system  You can

subscribe through: Thank you










Hello Hello friends, how are you all,

I am Ashish Kumar, today I have

brought a video for you all, where

information gathering using harvester

is basically a tool which gives a lot of information to us.

It

will also help a lot in making it, so let's use the SIM and

see how it will work. It is of Stalin

process and can we gather so much information through the option in it.

So let's go and open the heavy machine here like our black machine.

Vitamin and open our in your bowling machine first of all we have to

install this default then it is

optional you also do it through then which you

all know and the second way

is in place of rapid stark whatever you know there by which

name you  You have to write here that you have to

install your speaker here, the

harvester space of Modi ji or okay,

as most of the harvesters will write here, you will

bake it here,

this trick will start here, I have it already

installed, so the new version which has come now.  So

now we have to start it, so

here we are providing quality and high quality products like

we are specially here on Dhibra,

write on it here and tell the spelling here, if it

was romantic then you can see here, it

happened here in front of you.  What kind of suggestion

is there in which it is written please difficult, now

add capital in it, so here

after my efforts, I will make it a chapter here, I

will do it inside Mr. and ornamental, so you

can see here, this is definitely what we have started

here.  Back there are a lot of options

so first of all through the test we will see in this

or K Office what can we use inside this

and if we give it

OK here then here we fold it on this

I will

do a perfect and morning  Will take a little okay so

here we will see so

after installation like we are help here Karmapa

Officer Options here we can see like

this

testing

labs

and

subscribe that I told earlier also that you

can use so here  But

[Music]

Look, we will take

posting here and here we will

attack here and also do it in here and

in I can tell through Perfect and SBI,

what do you think in which to take it, it is

very good, let us try it once and

see how to read the account.

How much is it for us, then what will we do

for him, there is a meeting here, he will write buster and

bone here, he will do domination and

after that, what will we do, 2 minutes basically W

scooter is to be written here, if it

is not possible for you, then let me make it clear.  The thing will

be whether they become easy for you, here we will take

reverse harvest and dominate inside the bone,

which we have done through what person don't see,

basic am good thing which is to

start saver, through dad,

students are there, at our place, we are of half the

pole.  Meaning, whatever you want for Bigg Boss

and after that, you can

try as much as you can

and here

you guys can

install whatever you have, nor can you install it here.

It can be installed by any other subscribe

text and if you write the name of our pack, it will be

installed here

and apart from that, we have given the complete package here through dad,

due to which now our effort will be to gather

all the good information back.

We have given all the information which we are

subscribing to

and if you try to keep everything in mind here

and do

as much as you

can, you can see it here,

you can see it here

and here, if

you find it, then see it

here.  One

I am

safe here,

we have arrested the important topic chords, we went with you, you

can see the basic here, here you can see

what all the options are, all the things which you

can see here,

we will serve it and see you here, we will

come back.  Here I have found a lot of

name servers related to IPO, we can see basically and

a lot of you have come on this by calling this, this is

proper basically, all the dormitories

that how it is reverse lookup here, it has

performed very well.

Apart from that, we will see that the most romantic one is

also being checked and if you look online here, then

all the submissions here will come out through fasting, so

here I found a lot of evidences, different and

apart from that, if  Look at the online top here

and some subdomains which are basically hosted

on which there are problems. Let's answer this question.

Some page or the other has been created, I will not create it again but

it will be submitted. Now we can see it here.

Apart from this, as many as you can, so we will

find out like this.  Did it and many more like this and

good and Pooja could have used it here and given the

table here which is the same which

was there, we have to configure it and

set it up, after that we will give more good

information here.  If you can remove it then you will

like the video of the students. See you with

another video. If

you have not subscribed like then do it now.

Thank you [

music] [music]

or

[music] please do it.








Hello Hello friends, so how are you all, hope you all are doing good,

I Ashish Kumar, today I have

brought the main important video for you guys in the videos of penetration testing

which is how to create a good

report which is used to submit report for bug bounty.

How to make a good report,

so today we are here uncle learning

students, today we are here to do this like digestion,

first of all we will see what is

back reporting, bugs reporting, what

is the

need for reporting bugs, what is the need for reporting bugs, after that  We'll

look at the advantages for reporting bugs, how to score your

work and how to

create a good report. So today we

start this digest-like thing

with our first topic, which is what is a

bug report,

what is reporting once.  We will search for it, the name itself

is very easy but we will divide the cross, do you

understand that it is very important anyway?

So here we will see first of all what

is the process, what is the reporting, the

process within which we are recording

is one of the following.  What is the process which is recording

all the

shortcomings in a system which is

recording those shortcomings? So now we have

seen that there is a process which is recording. We

can see the celebrities and

detailed information with them.  In this collective this A

i.e.,

all the details of all the information which have escaped

and how to correct them, whether the active

measurements are correct by jointing them, how to correct them from this point, let

us record all these things

here

in the proper documentation.  What is the bug report here

? Basically we followed all our steps from

network scan information

gathering to penetration testing,

we just found out that the attacker took out the British, we did the next thing and

saw that yes here we

are again possible, it can cause this harm, so

here  After seeing all these things, the

final and very important step is to

report to the person i.e. tell the person who is concerned that there is a

deficiency in your website. If there is a deficiency in your website, with the

help of this, your website

may get harmed. You will get this data which is

divisional.  If possible, then how

can we do it here, to avoid this, we

reported to the voting close i.e. we

told him that Sir, you children from this and as soon as

he corrected it, then this is our

reporting. Now let us see once again.  It takes this

process where we are recording the

entire one beat and

giving them details related to Britain and

how to improve it,

how to remove British.

When we record and submit all these things in proper documentation.

This is called reporting, let's

see next, next is nuts, we have

hand need for reporting sir, you

tell us the basic and shortcomings and are reporting the shortcomings, you are doing okay good,

record them well, one with

difficulties but what is the need for this?  Let's

see, the policy is to

first report what is going on and why,

why should I do proper documentation of the issue so that I can be confirmed as to

what is going wrong with that system i.e. and the

system dorm that I

was testing there.  But what is wrong i.e.

which is the one value system there where is the deficiency that in

this point form and head and how this is wrong

how is it wrong we saw

where the deficiency is the bank giver is the deficiency because it

is less than  So this means that we

can do it with the help of the personnel here,

like

after that we will see that

now our job is that how we have seen how there

is a shortage of water and

to overcome this shortage, we will make a report.  Where has the

decrease come from, why and how does it happen

and we have the advantages of

reporting,

first of all let's look at the advantages of reporting to Facebook.

Cyber ​​security is a very

important part. If I am

going into the cyber security field, then  We are making a very good contribution in this, we are

pressing our very good blood that we have made something

secure in cyber i.e. when we

run on the internet and if our

internet will be secure which is our region then

we will be very happy, so here  But cyber

security is happening, the first and most important

thing is that the miserable website which is the

internet is secured with the help of

Bigg Boss, with the help of us, we find the shortcomings in it and

report their bugs

and get it rectified. Next  Let's see

what Hall of Fame 90 is because we have

done good work, we have removed the shortcomings of the website and

secured it, which is going to benefit a lot of people, so

here we are given Hall of Fame,

which basically means

that in this context this deficiency

Whatever page they have on their website, there is

our photo, our details and it is told

that in this portion, they should

take out their sons and secure our website,

so this is basically the way to vote, they are

telling the quality there.  If we

secure Sanam Akshay on this, then it is a

matter of pride for us, so we are getting Hall of Fame,

very good things,

after this, we get monetary rewards

along with this, time monitoring and then

we get reputation.  We are not only

getting the corner that we have, along with that we

also get monitoring and of course we

saved them from the loss of lakhs of crores.

Absolutely, if there is an increase of Aishwarya injection in someone's system

i.e. there is a

deficiency in any domain then it is  Meaning, all the people who are

connected, all the queries, all the

data they have, the database, Play Store,

can be freed by anyone and after stealing it,

they can miss a lot, so

here we have saved that company from all the things.  There are

many people who are associated with this company,

whatever anti is left against them, then

we get more monitoring against them

because we have done good work, we are

getting owner in half a million, we

also get happiness in doing cyber security, so

we  I also take monitoring here, I

get very good monies, you can go and check the

cover, but the contrast is there, if you go to BC

's activity and see, you get a lot of

quotes, monitoring and very good friend

Vikas bhaiya, good work, we are not misusing it,

net pack.  So, don't you understand

what is Promotional Reward Devotion?

Basically promotional events are promoted in such books,

you get the idea,

basically your number is your bank,

your lag is increased, our back

note is given to anyone who is basically bug bounty.

When you go there through the program and are doing good work,

your devotees are improving. Along with all these things, your rank also improves,

that is,

you get good respect among the people who are behind you and are not known as

your friends.  Granddaughter goes to

Ballia and also look into something else. You

people are so devoted to the rank in Argent while playing games,

what is your rank, how is it, to

increase this color, to take it on gas, to

go to Diamond, then all these

things are done here.  So similarly the promotional divide we get in the bug bounty word

ethical hacking and cyber security field

motivates us a lot so that we take out

more time to report and last but

not the least we get

satisfaction by doing all this.  We

get satisfaction. We feel happy

that we have released Varnashram, which has

saved the data of lakhs of people. We

can say that it has been good for lakhs of people, so seeing all this here,

we get satisfaction. It will

feel good and it will feel good. You will not feel

that if you  When we find a flaw in a website,

when that flaw is rectified, many people are

saved from being harmed. You get the Hall of Fame,

that is, you will get a decoration. See,

your name is put on it.

Sister, you have improved our website. You get something positive and

you get the final Bigg Boss shoes.

Apart from that, he will also provide you a promotional

record i.e. your rank will also be higher, so all this is

happening through your skin,

through the good work you have done, so here you will definitely

get satisfaction, then next

point.  We come to know how to scoring,

without understanding its scoring i.e.

what is wrong with it, what is its basic

cigarette, how to set it, with the understanding

that when we report a bug, when we report, we

tell there that Sir, your

system has this flaw.  And this deficiency can cause harm,

so here it is

very important to decide whether the water we have extracted is

too much risk taking in reality

i.e. it can cause a lot of harm

to the system or is it just some off

information.  Release is

not a very serious matter, so here we have to learn how to

score our backs, we

don't have time for this, basically the first

thing is practice, how quickly the

work should be done in this, second thing, how much

is the request, that is, so much.  If it

can harm the system too much, then

we record both these things, so the one

who is watching here removes the roots, now we

will understand how to get Bigg Boss to do it,

how to find out whether what we have

is more harmful or not.  So let's

first check celebrity best

dentist, here we have got

all the teachers of our puck, you can do it as you got C

virus, Shades got actress, S2

malai got, if you get any time

then you should go to Sweety's website and check.

This is what is yours, it is the level of

admission, but along with that,

what you have to do is to perform their flight puja,

you have to see how quickly the

work should be done at this time and now both these things

can be seen in two ways.  First of all, you can

go to these celebrities and practices and look at their

houses and see what

sweety level has been given to it or whether its

price is right, although you can do this and

if you are facing any confusion in that and

are not getting it, then that too.  The work that you

can do is in the acting reported box, that

is, whatever you reported, that is already

there, keep the report in place, that is, CEO and for this

you were found deficient and Shivansh Namak, if earlier also

someone has reported someone else and you, then

you can be included in that report.  You can go and check

there, you will see that his

celebrity is his practice file

where all these things have to be taken care of.

Of course, if we are reporting a bug,

then basically the person who is sending the message

should be the domain owner.  That friend, this thing

should be done seriously quickly so that

our website is 199 and no one else

can miss it, so here what we are looking at is

how to do the scoring, first of all

we go to the service based website.  We will

check and at the same time we will

see how much extra she is taking i.e.

how much is our bank,

how much harm can it cause, we

can also see the comments on her house,

after that we will discuss with the committee,

what is the level of this.  You should give other wise time and

everything is already cooked, you will

get everything, our 22nd city

level, this is its practice, even if you don't

get it, if you have any CR, then what will we do,

we will get it, but what is reported by someone else.  Basically

report any networks, many people will

report this border, some

read the torment report on any platform and

understand how basically they are giving permission,

how they have to provide drop IT,

then after seeing this, students see next,

next topic we have.  How

to Generate Good Report Reddy And we will

understand this, we have understood a bit about the bug report,

certificate, we have understood all these things,

now we have to see

how to generate a good report because this

is the most important part because if we have understood

all the things of the federation.  If something has been done well then that's all,

now all that remains is to report it and whatever is

reported is very good and

by good I mean that whatever

things are found there should be to the point and that

which is our owner in front.  There was to be a vitamin to

whom I sent Meena, it should be useful for her, it should be

understood by looking at it, here this

deficiency of 28 can be seen like this, if you can check back,

then how can it be improved, then

this is an increase, the motive which is proper is

not complete.  Apart from that, there

should not be any special data in it, there should be as much data as is necessary,

so let us see

what are the things that Berg has told us first of all, that

is, the first things that have to

be mentioned are in the report and these are the back ones.

What is the name of this Shiv and SSC

Admit is hospital injection which is

attack basically i.e. what is the name of this time so

first of all we will mention Pakana here

as I have done such demo

after that we will give its lesson 5 i.e.  Where is this shortage

found? There will be some festival, some

job parameter, then we have to tell that location

here, then I

can give the location here, as I gave attitude and Tom

Tom told them how this is less and this

place is found next number.  We will tell you whether its

service is fine and tell you what all the teachers can do to do it. You

can go and search without his name and all the

websites will tell you to provide the specialty

and even if you don't find it

then you can check this report.  You can do this and you will

know that the laugh is yours.

Chrome Shunthi, this trick is basically

high level, so here we

can set the submit and like this,

after this we have priority, so priority

now we  You can see through the same process,

now here it comes basically its

speed ranges from 121 to P5 and we

know the highest one is P5 and similarly we will

see the tight so tell us in the writing

basically p12 according to the earth

Set the practice from and episode and so

here is the one which causes the most harm.

Okay, if you are serious about

coming to any of these parties, then we will provide the P1

level i.e. 153 power level here.  We

will tell you that there

is 150 ml of flavor here and its service thing is that

after telling these two things, what will we do

here? That is, to whom is this being told, to

whom are we sharing it,

then you will get it in the seasonal cassette.  You

also have to write the name of the administrator, not that of your master,

this will not happen if it is your backbone, the name of the company, the

address and the company you are connected to,

computing in A. Can you tell, otherwise,

on which land you did not test, will you write the volume?

Like, I wrote test.  .com Here

I had urinated where it would be 120 i.e.

started and there would be a meter where

I would get 150 and here we would tell whom we shared Kalisa * Whom we finalized and

after that this report is reported by i.e. the person

who has reported.  The name which was

basically the pension card in which the report was made will appear

here as Bank

Reported On i.e. on which date it has been reported,

after that its description.

Now what do we have to tell in the description

that this is Sirius 150 ml, this is

BCCI.  Is it a celebrity?

Sufi policies are famous because of Soapy's policy.

Social policy is due to lack of it, it is

basically A 150 is provided by reporting, then

here the scheme of selling money policy,

sewerage and form is being filled, then

it is  We will mention here

in the description what it is, how it is obtained, what

deficiencies it has and how much damage it

can cause. We will understand all these things

in the description, after that the steps to

reproduce it, that is, the way in which we have

prepared this bag.  We tell all those steps

to the site owner so that

he can get back that time by following that process in the same way, so

this is basic his life

so that he does not know the reason, he has escaped from it,

so there is a lot of information for him to know here.  It will

not be clear that where we

need to provide security, where we can properly secure it by

depositing the coin,

you

can give this suggestion but it is necessary to do this when Surya

will perform against the basic in it,

first of all you should go here.  And we will mention the sky points

here, first of all you have to

open WhatsApp, you send 10,000 points by

fast typing that there is a

meter, there you have to search this remedy,

on this we will follow

different processes to test the meter and

Whatever the process was, you will

tell about the details of the subsidiaries with the help of which you

got it, you will tell him the impression

so that he can get time to check it completely. Along

with that, there

is also active result here if you want.  So you can put an

option that if you follow the steps, then

what will be the final result, then you can tell, if you

follow it, you can see that

your domain, through which it can be shared to any other domain

and  Which is not related to your search,

you can tell all these things here

in the expected result and the

last thing which is very important is

that here you have made a report and

make a complete reporting but with that

you will get there.  But video or any screenshot

should be attached which is the POCO

proof that you told them that the teacher is the

proof that I have got these people and

this was the process of it. If you upload the video here

then it is very good because

friend.  Along with the steps, I have also uploaded my video, it

will help them a lot in

reducing that time and it will also

show the address, form and all, have you worked it out

and have you enjoyed it as it turned out,

so here you can do video 10.  Here

I have done CO RSVP mode on

also porn video typing, this is our POC,

we can write this in Furnish for more

details you can find the attached file which is

our apk file you can check it

here it is that good bug

You must have understood what is the check for a good bug report.

You should generate such a report which has

all the useful information in it. Whoever is the domain

owner with whom I share the report

can understand it well, can reduce it

and can also improve it.  If he can understand then it will take 10

minutes. You might have liked our video of Mirage,

where I saw

what is the real bug report, how is it

generated, what is the dish,

how is it given level, which is 181,

how do we level them.  Comment, what is the service,

how does Friday enter, how is it

provided, the way, you will

like the video, let's meet with another video,

thank you, what has

happened, what has

happened.








Hello hello students, how did you all bring me hope you all are doing good welcome

and

destitute Mukesh Kumar

where we are going to see inside the pension amount,

that daughter

is going to come

here to understand the total

waghmare

2.1

more so that the

pizza

pan use  Can do is our topic

about what

happens in the device, so here I have shown the process

within which we have created a network of information officers, made

animations, whatever

information came to us, with the help of this process

spun information, we have

found shortcomings in that system.  There are some

shortcomings through which it can be compromised and can cause

harm.

What is being said here is that it is systematic, there is

a method, that is, we follow it every day,

first of all we subject it to information,

network scanning, admiration and we

Basically the process which is continuously

followed step by step is systematic

which Ravi and the security business tell it

i.e. it tells where are the shortcomings in security

and how it will be told i.e.

whatever shortcomings are found in it if it can cause any loss

then that security  Due to which there is a deficiency in

Diner Science 1st level i.e. the deficiency which was there,

we get it, keeping in

mind how much loss can be caused by that deficiency and

weighing that deficiency on the level, then how high

level deficiency is this, then this note is Yasmin's juice.  This

happens so that we can

properly secure the Amma system or

if there is any flaw in the news then the Ramesh system

may suffer losses. See, now the system will

secure the system. Next is Swaraj's

tweet. Our point was how to find a correct one.

This is quite correct.  How to find the important point

If the

most troubled is the first place where

you have to select,

select, you have understood

what should happen

so that you can do it in a very good dream that you

have to select, after selecting,

you are interested in this thing.  The process is looking very

good, it will

also give quantity, in which the

position is also good, which is okay,

not the best, or good, not

good,

in the market,

I do the same to the wrong appointee for him, and

it is not enough to do it.

To not even do this, please

do the previous report. Now you can get many

products which can make you

pregnant,

so this is a very important role.

Subscribe to

China. This story has to be selected to

make dorm basic interesting so that we can

get 120 very quickly. Now to understand this.

We have to understand the developer's interview once,

before that let's see

what we did, we have loop sign in the words,

there in the words Roopchandra, we

wrote test.com and like we used tiles and we

showed, basically we used all the words

in the office.  It has been removed here sir,

Chauhan went for 2 minutes, his height i.e. among the MPs

is on, so now you can see you

airtel.com and addictious.com

yishu.com

officer here because to

understand this mixture, we

need

about them.

If you are on the website of the

company, the

company has made

airplane mode as medium investment but now

if students come here i.e.

all the people, all the traffic will come,

where is it mostly w.com

person, so many people are coming here, then

we  Here you will have to keep all the things good,

now

whoever is the most focused on all the things, then try as

best you can here

and

try, keep in mind that here in the

subscribe here,

try your best in any way, those

people do

not do all this.  If you create

a word admin for some words, you

cannot provide that much security module there because you have done

all the work of ready 1 2 minutes,

now what will happen is that now you

get 123456789, which means

the school

can guarantee that you

can subscribe.

So

everyone has to select the home here in which if you do

not want to complete what is there, then

people

can see their full subscription and like

this, if you have any

ok here, there are chances that very few

people will be going to the same place.  Go and your pen

testing process is the one which is basically made in

British, which is the whole process of pointing you, following

you there, whenever you get

time, then you have found yourself on the same dorm,

where your correctness should be on or near it,

that is this.  Which is

coming in his words, it should be its toe end, there should be minimum

chances of traffic going there

i.e. the place where least people would know,

that place would not have been secured so much,

then the way of thinking of the developers would be in that place.

According to the button, what will it do, we will go to

it romantically and at the same time,

basically we will do the above testing, before that we will

record whatever is on the meter, by

turning on the meter, we will definitely get some 150,

so this is basically finding a correct

use of it i.e.  I start taking time

and

I

try to find

that I am not getting it, then what will happen in that case,

basically my time is at a place

where I am making more

efforts,

where

if there is

no mistake,

mistake

is mistake.  Human will always

not come there

due to which

Subscribe

Company Subscribe

Perfect then I hope you have understood

that setting a reminder

I should be such a girlfriend where there are

minimum people and that parameters in

It should be ours and at that place basically the

developers have taken chances which is your way of thinking.

Just such a developer

can think that from here you can invest less than here. If we go to it then

Tubelight might not have noticed. Half Cup

Rock guessed that they can go.  By

testing, you can find out whether your guess

was correct or not. Next pass, where it is more

important that we have selected a good one

and our video

is liked, that is

how to select the right parameter, this parameter.  If you want to

find it before growing, then in this

also we had done like this, developers information immediately,

how are you, basically my site, your height,

you have made your bedroom in for your company,

share your developers so that

what developers mostly work on.

Work out that in your login page

i.e. if you like any actress then

where will he go for registration first, he will

go to the magistrate so that his details are

saved in the database and then he will try

that the one which is visible first on the registration

is the most secure one.

After smoothing the pollution or business where it is done

from data and we do fiction process they will

secure it and

after suspicious action we log the recipe and

by method I mean all the things through OTP validation

and after that like  That we log in,

that even after logging in, they will provide us security there, you

know the experts, if we log in to the shop,

then they can try some kind of attack,

so their aim was to hunt them,

they have seen the search.  There is a bar, the search bar

should be secured, here any

person can enter it,

apart from that, I saw that whatever product we

want, we

upload it through videos and there

is an option in the comment box below the video where  But no

attack and no one basically calls it teaching

aids, he can put any

virus, any minute program can be put

but he can bloat, so that too has been

secured, now this was the developer

mindset or more people are coming here.

Here the basic information point is

visible in front of the system, so those tips have been secured,

we are talking about hunting option,

but if we find the deficiency there,

how will we find it, we will have some such intercities

where most of the chances are there

for the developer.  I didn't notice how it

could be a meter, I understood it well, basically

it is for a minute, in such a situation, you have to bring your mind, you

also have some admission Arjun, I

can't tell you all the time, by doing some testing,

I would have understood from where.  If it

can be white, then you too will connect with me and

think about where it

can reach. Suppose, we have registered it on one side,

we have logged in, it is done with the details, after

logging in, they can go together and

buy it, send it.  Whatever is

visible in the footage, here

we have created, we have the option to buy the product, we

just have our profile, so

where will we find good doctors, we

can find good perimeters either in the process of buying that point and  If that

too has been secured i.e. after vesting the jersey, we follow the

question

where from time to time tension is mostly followed

in which they tinker with the price of cigarette,

tinker with more or less discount on it.

If you tamper with the quantity, even if you don't

do it, that too is a scam. So here

you can see that

which color option you have to change the color of the road, that is,

that too the black meters are telling you and somewhere else.  We will

take your details and in this time

meter, if you have selected this color, then basically

it can be white. Apart from that,

where is the quantity, we have seen the quantity and the size of the

product you will choose. If you are

buying any shirt then the size also matters.  This is a

time where approval can be obtained. Now

apart from this, let us assume that those who have

followed the property in this product purchasing and proper

results from validation,

then what can we do, which is our profile

management page, i.e. basically

profile management.  If I go to edit

profile, there we

get the option to change things, modify things, there also we

can find things like updating our email,

changing mobile number,

counting the points our daughter-in-law is saving, any

If there is an option to enter green foot, then the

parameters at these places

can be changed.

If we remove this process, then the transaction is completed just like ours. If we

computerize the purchase code, then

after that we will soak it.  Apart from our cut, it

reaches our orders that if you

order, then here also there will be a premiere on time,

which will tell you something truthfully,

whether the translation education has started

or not, whether it has to be transferred

here or not.  As soon as we call these as points, the

meters on Dun i.e. some soldiers might have

lost their focus on the meters which were developed and we will

go there and test their meters above and

basically find the deficiency there, so

what should be our focus. We should basically

do penetration testing on this my  To

share with, first of

all Admit should be there, where the developer

has to be selected and within that also there is a parameter which

basically the developer might have missed, like we have mentioned it,

basically if you keep going to the space and

use it then many times here  Also the

parameter was being used which I

can see in the doubles and also in the post body,

they will intercept that request toe through dry,

so here as soon as it is being

transferred, there is a

stoppage at the spot on the skin.  Feel the change inside the time meter

and this is two three four and if there is

any difference on touching this value then this

was Amitab God has the strength so

what is the best way to find 100 meters Add

reminder of Apna - Arun Think this  Ad

Developer's friend, which part of Faluda must have been

missed from here, which part is

that after giving freedom first meter i.e. coffee,

we get our best friend. If there is any problem,

how much attention was not given to Singh Dhull,

he will go to that carefully now.

Report its shortcomings and will secure it from us.

Our work will be to find out such shortcomings and

improve them so that suicide can actually happen in a blind

person and now we will

go through the same process, till now we have understood it, we will try it through many suits and

see basically how it will

work.  We are good, how to

select it, how to find it in the first meter,

friends, let's start, let

us just go towards its link,

so here we will basically see that whatever we have

understood, collect it,

how to find the meter of clothes.  Can good private

how can I forget ₹ 10 middle i.e. that place

fry it here I will get a made butter that

contest will do by the way our dough is very

dry through so we will start here us very dry

we will go just his life

in this which  That is basically in download so

serial download and up to date

that I here years ago whose result will just

do the equipment but comment here

through dance class but such file which is on the

side to complete our here.  If you try to find me,

then to appoint me here,

I will subscribe here, we

can see that it has been opened here, here I have

secured a stranger in 2014, here the option

which is that dress of ours.  Set up is on,

install the certificate before time, you

can watch the old video, this is

only the previous one, we have added it, so

you do not have to do anything about it, let me tell you

STP, you can download many here but

celebrity will not download here and so you

Download from here, after that when

you just have to add, which you

will do by going to the reference, Rose, we will not repeat this process here,

now we will go to our 1221,

then look here, if there is an option, then

here we will record the AC proxy.  If we

plug off this interception, then

basically whatever data is coming or going here will be

intercepted, so

what do we have to do, we have to stop this interception

for now, we will go to my

website, we will write about it

and  Here we have come to our website,

after getting there, what do we have to do now?

B.C. Enter inside Manola Middle School,

some such meter will fall somewhere in the race,

what will we do for that,

do not use spider for that, which is in majority.  This is a very

good function, here

we have to turn on the intercept, we turn on all these,

basically we will do this side as soon as we

report, so the request was going here,

we did it in 20 minutes, now our

work is done.  You will like the name of this tree

and spider, you have the option, it is getting

late, click on the scientist

here, which is like

this ad on our site, then this option of spider came in the middle, so

doing this i.e. spider-man

went away and  You can see the magic of spider-man within you. The

request here will

also increase. We will turn off the boxer so that you

can dream for 20 minutes. If you go to the end tagged data,

then in the test too, there are many targets in the same team

here.  So now what

we have to do is to keep the target that was useful for us in the targets or to

remove the power. For this, we will

go to the footer here.

After going to the footer, you will see the first option

and show.  Only in this item i.e.

show any item which is added to that group, how to reduce it, we will fix the

option in

this note, we will enter the option of food items

and here basically

you have to tell how many items, it is easy to see these items only.

Ticked on this, you will cut it down

and this blouse and tomato that you

can see that we have 100 paste which is being introduced in this

but here the spider is

not doing its work properly, so if Vishwaroop goes there is

no tension for him.  No, you don't have to

tighten it, spider from the office,

click on it, click on the spots, we will do

it, and here in this

parking, you can see that it has started, a

lot of requests are started from now, if you

submit the form, then I  But when we used to submit the

form, here it is ok, we submit it again, so

here basically now it is saying

that we have this account which has been

opened by paste, that is, which is opened on number one, we will

go to every page of it, we will go to every area.

Here we can get a good paste so that we can get a good paste. Hey,

first of all we will go to us.

Okay, if we are logged in here then we will login.

Here we are busy in reducing every activity

so that more and more devotees

can see it. This is about automated alarms.  Let's

talk about this condom, edit them,

all these requests, I could not extract anything automatically,

these buds became green, there was no need,

what do we have to do here, we have to

go to every page of the decision, we have to use every single function

so that as much as possible

Parameters which can record as much as possible

Your host which is inducting side which

can record everything What will have to be done for that,

I have not told you, you will have to go through all the methods,

now we will do the same, we will go to the instructions, we

will perform every activity and

here the spider which  He is doing all the work for us. He is

recording it. If this is the

option for you, if it is getting late then

you can cover it. So the

speed I have given here is working well. Now let

us go through every page of it.  If you want to become an assistant,

then first of all we should sign up

so that we can login here. If we have

logged in, then here we

can see whether we are logged in.

Now even after logging in, if you feel

that you do not need this powder.  So maybe it would have

started again, you don't have to do anything,

here you will not have a stage, you have to

click on the spider, then you

will think of the spider, so now whatever work will be done,

it will do more like that because now we are also logged in,

now more on me.  It is effective, here

we have all our things, now we will see

what we can get by going inside each page, will

we get any new option, I have cut something here,

be it from the option or the name of the artist, if you

click on it then you will  You can see

basically IT Seeks to Vindicate,

what happened is that we gave the login the money which was

a little blurry in the registration which sent the jewelry, did

not do it in the search bar,

we did not see the payment at these places, we

came inside the pay here, there we have a parameter.

Got these sides quickly got the

internals from the other side basically a little bit more so

here as soon as you know what you have to do is

this is what we have to do is

I have

taken out 100 meters here as much as we

can take out  Geelani said, in fact, for that,

I will just get one lion installed, seeing whether it is

creating havoc in the output or not,

hey, I will not do this and to go

separately, if not

as many as you, the

other one

can go, so we are here here.  But

appointed

like here

you

can see here all the very

well now we can see the pages here when you

go to this, what is the format

changing, what is not coming,

all these things are there, set that option sometime.  Okay okay so

basically a

that his great end here and seeing

what all will get and scold asteroid

appointed here in the hour

in privacy policy so contact here we do we do we do we do we do we do

we  We do, we do, we

can use as much as we can. Okay,

so here you can

do as many as you want here and also

show here

as many media as they are

famous from before. Artist request you and whatever the

parameters are.  Leads to Stuart

Here, show me again, let

me show you, here I show you, customers, as long as there is

time, they will do it through us,

now

[music] do it, do it,

do it












Hello Hello friends, how are you all

and Laddu Ashish Kumar Raj is going to

see in the video for you people and where we are going to see

after erasing the legs under 180 abs, after the impression

we will see here time temperature

basically what is the

admission process of marination students its  Inside, like we

flirt with what we find and purchase it

and

if we

share it with subscribe loudly so that

our

sharing with Ghagra here and change it to

set the use here.  Value has just

peeled off the wounds of those who are modifying it,

so let's start by going

inside our machine to see how we

can please Prem Attemp Krishna

and how this work can be found in the running machine

here in our terminal.  We will

start number two, which is Vikas,

which is going to help us the most in intercepting data, then we will

download and

run the updated ambulance

that has started here, along with the

job and it is also on.  We will do it, then here

our ghagra is on,

we will use bauxite, we have its net, we will keep it open

here, we will go to its homepage,

okay baby, the weight has started, will we

subscribe or will we turn

off the introduction, for the sake of frill,

here  But we have children now

basically we have to do time measure operation to share with the value of time note

so the

best example for that is this

card here i.e. we will add something

in 18 so there we can manipulate it.

So the first process is to log in. We check whether we are

logged in or not.

We will click on Sign Up. The login form will come. We

log in. Here

Ajay

is here and holidays are logged in.

So now our work is to do some things.  Whether to

purchase or not MS Word Una, where

can I get it, where can I peel the

peas, so let's see

some of the things here in the blouse category, let's

see what is the situation. Okay,

so here friends, let's give it a try.  If we do

n't try to add, then

click on Suresh Meghvanshi here, your description is

its price,

now we will appoint here, we can do

any add

like

we can make online payment here,

as soon as

I subscribe it there.  If I do

n't

do it, then this is the last one here, the last one

is its add toe cart, so this trick,

as soon as he is there, I will

not peel my with him, interception, I will turn

on here and click on add speedo car here,

then you  You can see like

I'm fine here,

no problem, so here I did

here and here and here - I

can do and - meaning let me tell you what

it means if you do if you do - before anyone else,

John in the report  The logic will be that the June

program has been prepared and will work on this topic - If

it comes to you, then we will enter some things here

like you can see that this is

what we do here, there will be a subscribe button,

this will subscribe us.  If you want to get

appointed then we can do it here

or subscribe

mute if you are interested in anything then we

can do it here for its quality, you will

get money to do it here, here we

can please you, type in this  By doing this we

can change the temperature of understanding

and here it is here

that we will also try some other functions by doing that,

hence the permit is required in the function.

You can see that if I will mix the function of digit

then by clicking on it.  Let's

see that here I ca

n't peel Amazon, we will click on the minute, on

clicking on this, you can

see the depend function above,

you will see that in time itself, the

given link is written one, according to me.  I am

working on zero, so

if it does

n't, it does

n't,

and we will rebel back the digit,

okay,

listen to the power, and here you can see

how I have done it well on dedh-dedh here.

So let's

go here we ca

n't can't ca

n't can't can't can't can't

do modification about

that

it was

quantity name that was that so what we can do is the

discount according to Candy Crush how much

discount we got they

can increase this cord so  This is where we had filled our stomach completely

but the rest of the mode will come back or while

we are making the payment, I have a transaction

there, the record is applied there, we had to do it

on the comment, then as if what is happening is that we

leave the payment with its value, if all these

three are instant.  If you do this, then what can you do,

suppose you have to buy clothes which are

worth Rs 10000 and you have to buy other clothes which are from a

film, then if whatever value of Rs 1000 which I

will tell you encrypted is written as 1000 village

change, then you cannot force it.

What can you do?

If you cut that part of the product of 512 du and

put a request for the other process of Rs 10000, then

what will happen here? Here we have given the price.  There was a

product of 5000 which was changed to 1008 so this

character which is 30 basically its price will

become five thousand because we have

put five thousand at the same place in Delhi,

so here also such a thing

can be said back basically that security.  Cook for this, you will have to

check whether there

is any notification in this packet, you

can start those things like this, A,

find out 120 in our comment, for that

you are not only such an ethical hacker, you will have to put everything together and

think that he  How to get money by working,

our motive will remain the throne,

we should take out Bhiwandi to improve that deficiency, we should

not use chilli, we have to

improve that deficiency, so for the rest of today, I

hope you would have liked my video,

see you tomorrow.  And do a

[music]

or a

[music] with the video













Help students, so how can you all be

P'wala, doing good welcome and destitute

one, Ashish Kumar, today I have brought a video for you all,

the power of SQL

injection, etc., let's see the power fuel

injection, what will we

learn here, today we will learn the scooter here.  The

learner reached the morning step, what are the things?

First of all, what is the festival identity. It

is the responsibility to secure the festival. Next

flight and school. Map and innovative

account. Learners learn all the things here

related to aspirin question. Let's

start with our first

topic.  Which is what is such an

injection, what is a festival, is planning a vacation,

what is shrink injection, then something

about it will be done through these points,

first of all, injection is a code

injection technique, this code injection technique

is dynamite, destroy your data base and

destroy it.  Obscenely modified Safar

gives quite correct permissions i.e. SQL

injection. As you are being told that

where would such a strong injection of code injection technique be found, where it is found in the place of Mainpur,

then there is such a code injection technique

through which modification can basically destroy the database.

Test can be done,

see the next point, injection is

one of the most common technique,

this is true, it is the most common and most commonly

available injection, that is the technique,

basically it has been going on since around 200,

which is made  Sitting and even till date,

Australia's ODI

website is very difficult due to many systems, I have gone to British

only, by the way

injection of gas is a very common technique. Edit

question is the placement of ministry has

scored in a statement by Vipin.  At, as

I told you,

wherever we find space, we will

joint it, in the process of middling it,

find a place where

through which we can take it, we can do it,

so here for a

short time, if it

grows too much, then Systems S2

Most of the comments are found in injection.

Hacking technique is basic to make a web application

and

I get the approval of likes at the input places inside the website.

So next let's see basically what

we have. Types of Aishwarya

Invest Injection. How much is it?  There are types, we will

understand it well, how to work, what is the

process, first of all, after looking at the tiles,

how many sub-stations are there? Like

International Festival Chief of Staff Admiral, 3

types of injections. If there is no name, then

basically it comes within the size of the prostate.  So

first of all we have AC technology

subscribe subscribe

yukt as soon as any notification is tampered

there as soon as we

put single as directors then it is

seen to be Amazon rated there itself i.e.

arrest recovery on teasing with the parameters

as soon as  If someone is getting admitted

then it is an average speed injection i.e.

which was 100 meters, like we

put a cigarette or a question number there, at the same time it was

generated there and some effect was seen

and like if it is America then that type and West

Indies.  Sahota and registration is done now, it is

written about it here that the beans are

injected into the engine like SQL injection, they are

watching track sexual mail messages, that

is, it likes on this message,

like this message is general from any of our activities, so

it means  There he

lacks the injection Den Pro Kabaddi Database raw to after information about the

structure of

date of birth and how it happens He

injures you like that He always

global increase in this line of this method that

is urgent here  It is written Fashion Show Lines

Basic. If there is any mystery here, then it means

like any of our A, Hey, someone is urgent,

then there its roundness

is made of air base, British, which comes inside the bank

as you can see.  Here we can generate the single by

taking double coat and back blouse in it, to

remove the A,

Macaulay takes it in it and that Bigg Boss

also has a secret networking in it here, the same

condition which is that falls,

I will understand it well but here.  But we have to see

that by giving such an imposition, if any more is being

generated, I am seeing it in front, that

is, here sqlite3 air base is 150

which we will confirm. Some

specific queries for confirming are described which

we will see further.  Pila, here I found coordination

was necessary, that is, add it inside the school,

what happens in it, like our

rejection, so

we have most of the related to it there, not only this, here

Singh got this black shoes rate like

I have to take juice. I want to do more last thing S2.

We are doing it right with our hands. In this,

we do the detox which was to be done. I society

comes near union base plate Yunus school, what is

its union, whatever is inside them,

so use it here.  Mother, this is the

specialization in their injection

technique. For the date, add operator

2.2. So if I click here, it will be

available here where you will

use it. Because of this,

we have students who have subscribed to it.

We have blind blind.  It

is blind in which basically the

result should be coming,

it is

not visible, then how does it work? Kama

Powder is a blind school for us to find out what it will

see, so here

is its definition, introduction and all, it

is justice denied.  Admission form of a strange

addiction and blind school

injection no data is active transport

web application in the application will not be able to see the

result of attack here basically

whatever process the question related to that process is a

no-no

must be

performed there.  For what do we do, we have

some such things

in the process here

and here where there are two types of

definition which two line

boolean and blind time beast here

are two blender blender still alive and line

time bay  Just first now the difference between these two

meant that we are

inside it

and the other one is inside so here we have a

normal

working thing in the condition so we will put

them here i.e. we will put them here

and follow this and if it

is less then

here  But you can see

here

I have given two

tills, it will look the same but for 5 seconds which is

going down the side will be 50. For 50

seconds which is going down the side so

in this case here I can confirm

that here  Blind time is

lack of like you get destroyed

next comes to us and toe be

interested toe bend is a school lack

that basically family does not

go read about it here and toe will become injection

is not very common so to  I don't feel like it

mostly because independence on switch is now

enabled i.e. when some features are enabled then

it is smuggled, it is found very rarely,

so all you need to know about it is

that Chato Bandh skill is

here, Scan addiction is here.  What is happening is

that only then could it enable some other functions

which are not available in large sizes so we do not

get much of this increase here,

hence it is not serial in the market, it is not

Tuesday because permission is not available,

it is just a drop which  It worked when some functions were

enabled, that is, it is

practically proof, but it

happened only when one function was enabled, which is something,

here Auto Bank is not of much use,

not much is known about it, it

is enough for you, let's see next.

Next we have this apk file, MS

Word Biology i.e. what is the methodology for making such injections,

so my point is to

understand that Australia's Matthew Genius has

made the injections, what is the company that has purchased it

and how is it working, so

who is here?  We all will take C. The first thing that is our

work is to understand the

website working i.e. the working of the opportunity, the

meter for it, how to work,

how has the work been done till now, is there proper timing,

work on it, work on it on time.  It is

most important to understand what is working,

so first of all we monitor the

website and understand its working.

After the working time of the website, we will be

able to perform more activities well.

Then we search for parameters,

that is, we first look for the meters.  Now let's find the one that is

most important for us in our work,

so we have more chances to be in something about

which earlier he told

how to find it in the first place, then find this lover

which has not been given much attention by the developers to

train.  There will be lack of such tight

Amazon for this and basically the

role of spirometer should be linked to the database

i.e. start in some database

or type from there.

If this is happening then basically Sachin

Goswami will slap the Prime Minister

next.  Let's see, I have changed the settings and

now as soon as we have got the district goods in

which

all of you have been

appointed from one or the other, then after appointing it here,

you have to do the same changes here, then

I have made the same changes and

multiplied your numbers as well.  Change it first,

Amazon is fine, don't do vitamins, I will

see here that as soon as we change one of this letter, if we are

writing in page1 page2, is there

any change, if it is changed then

it means that this permit is working now because

primitive.  So what manipulation will we

do in voting, we will put a single quota in it and

see if it makes any difference,

what is urgent, what is it in 2010, is it

Laya Tune Festival or is it line dead,

then we will do some tests for these,

we will put some, we will see.

What is the difference there basically?

So

if it was something like this, then

confirm the deficiency and appoint, subscribe

and

try to complete it by subscribing or are you

trying to take more of it, just a

hundred here.  Percent

confirmed is the death of reservation and the last one

takes our time. He is one of the lions of his

database. Using Ashraf Festival is a very

powerful and

don't forget to subscribe this mark. So here

if from our best

we have

subscribed to them.

Also subscribe to the channel.

How can we follow the same process, let us

first understand what is the

work of the world, then first of all

understand the batting of the website, what would we do to understand the working of the website,

what would be the basic, if we

go to any occasion,

what would be the first step?  The first thing is to

register there, so

what is the registration form? Fill in our name, confirm the

password, write the last name and password and

click on the registration button.

As soon as we have filled all the details,

fill and enter this festival and you will get here.  But

what will happen is that it is very common that it will be

stored somewhere, where will the data be stored, if it is

stored in vegetables, then here is this

data, including this, it will take 20 more minutes,

deposit or mode will start through a form, so here

we will have this

Subscribe Subscribe

As soon as you

register,

now if we understand this and also explain basically

how the SQL query was working, suppose

as soon as I

register, I have a user name which is

book 10101 and password which is  I had kept

that 12345 text, this was kept with me, my

user name and temples 101, so you

can see here in the table, basically 10101 user

name got added, enroller got the password,

12345 strict and all the user names and passwords

are stored here.  All the people who had

registered, whose account was

successfully registered, got the ID

password allotted to them, here

in the table named Use, this used architect

is stored inside it, so now as soon as we go to login,

we go to the login page.  And when we

do any activity, how does it work?

We log in by entering the password.

How do we understand this when we log in? What will we do? We

go to login here when we write

10101 OK and here

we write 12345.  Sex Tips: Here we

enter ID and password like

Amit, enter ID and password and click on login button, what happens here, does it do any

work,

what about this, select

staff from users and this is

basically the problem with the first line.  Select from

Viewers Welcome to

Star means anyone

can go here means anything

can come here, if it is installed anywhere at any

place, then anyone here

must subscribe,

subscribe,

one inside the pimple.  Person

30 here I have

one two three four

one two three four

now here I mean password

1234 so here I

try to do so

submit here like test here so this is the

side

1972

and

click here

I am

immersed in the writing of whatever is written,

if both of them

will give 2.5 lakhs then

if its

10

end password here

12345 6

Log in a

comment post is written here and here

which if

money here then it is

like this if here  But if you want to take it on the right side from both the sides,

then if one of the two is wrong, then if you

see the loot wrong, then this is our end operator,

login there, then

here you can see what

is saying here and the password which is matched.  So I will

not let you log in, then here

what can we do, we can do this, so

we can do this, so let's

take this here, so here I am here

and then

you here  But if you subscribe to this

here, then

here is the scooter, so what do we do here, whatever

I write about Vijay Prakash's country later on through Singur, will be included

in this,

but whatever has value will come out of it,

now what will we do here.  Here we have

written gas curry, global such, here we have written see the tree and one

question and

here we have

this A

and that Nikunj Bandh is used to

comment the sale of the first time, whose

search and comment, this is in front of the double-double action.  If it

also comes, please comment in the comment box,

so here I have

given this input and this is where these two

singers are appointed between these two.

Yes, it is done. Now see how much difference Suraj has made

here, single core.  Because of this, this

meter became this and after that the validity

will go and after Bigg Boss till one and half inches,

basically whatever validity is there, the

entire value of the comment i.e. the

entire line that was written would be changed in its color.

This means comment, so what

happened here now, now the working code is how easy it is, that's all,

this is select computers where user ID and

here else

and this

will be any of the two conditions, so it

means if here

10 User Name and Password 1234 Password

1234

Ajay There is also a thing which is this then it will give the output it will say yes you can

login PM will say

login can login

right of this

if there is input on either side then basically  This is

here and

from both the sides also, I am

like this, what did we do, what did we do here, what did

we do, we will not comment in the comment box,

here this was completed,

log in,

log in, you can see here, this is

disgusting, so here

Here we took a double,

now we will see that we can test every part of the injection quiet,

which

I will see through our elders, then we will

start the rule of our Basu, where

now we will do the basic company destination test on one side by

taking out 100 meters.  High Now

we will cover it and our injection was

I will test it, look at the previous one,

how can gas be smuggled, so here we have

two migrations, first, dividend, second,

subscribe, then we will subscribe,

now we will click here and

appoint Amazon President  It was

appointed here that first of all

open the terminal, that is very basic, our people

do this, now we have to say

that

hello hello mum, here we will take the free download, we

will appoint the president of elate entertain,

and here we will turn

on the browser.  Ok message here,

Imran is ready to start, let's

do window service for both of us,

fold it, ok ok, we will

see for ourselves whether the

machine that

I will use here

is there and we will write iPhone 6S here,

see all this.  Can basic, sorry to both of us,

there was 12184, there was 121, there was

130, here we both are SIM network with ID,

so now we

are here,

Ajay to

Ajay

that Japan Germany victim machine typing and

dowry and

getting subscribed here.  But enter subscribe

subscribe that there

is wax paper in the village,

all this like we will go to some settings and

here I will add which twist, we will

write

81200 MP4, put emphasis on it is ok and will

appoint on it so that whoever

subscribes

if  If you subscribe, here we

can see on some other side,

here the appointed

appointment um

that Babbar and According here

will give you the option to simply download, we

can download it here, now we can download it,

currently we are here  So

here the folder which has been downloaded, now

we will

search here,

we will go to unmute certificate, we will go to important, we will

remember the import, after adding import, we have to

double click on the certificate, then we will add it, then subscribe

here,

subscribe

appointment,

no.  Don't forget that

subscribe was appointed here, you

can see here the

certificate of the poster, what happens here is that

they have done their flat tax, if we post it, it is

not working properly,

as

if we

subscribe here.  Do

Subscribe

Subscribe to the channel Login

Login You

can do this for appointments Ok so let's go to the second test so see

here now

Thappad has forced login and

our target will appear in front of us so we can see even here

Test PHP Start  What is Vwap that

your wait can stop school

that here is Shankar Nagar Okay wait and

here our food got doubled and on

our other side

click the subscribe button subscribe you will have to subscribe

from here

subscribe

button  You can see that

by appointing here,

we will not go to the sorry,

we will do it in this video, we will

appoint him here, subscribe

both of them here,

now subscribe

this channel of ours,

definitely

subscribe,

appointed here,

then here you

can see here.  But if we click on

comment,

then basically you can see what

we have done on 24th August, even if we

subscribe to the appointment, then

subscribe to us, you select both of them,

after selecting both of them and right

click.  Have to do and here to do basically

spider selected item

subscribe

as much as you can refine

here you

can subscribe very well

so this is the

village

[music]

set a basic will submit the phone so

here we which our PHP  You must have logged in these things

and now we do it

all over the world. Okay, no problem, no

time,

this form means

school, subscribe, subscribe to the

channel,

subscribe here,

it

was here that

all the things go well.

From the neck of the police, we will

go here to inject him and come into fashion,

here we will have to log in as a monk,

if spider-man has sent too many requests,

then

login in the evening, now we have to go here to

inject him Michael Jackson ma'am  You have already submitted one more

here you can see it is telling

and only people can understand the security love so

we will submit it here ok ok

now the schools submit one more in front of you

so

here you can see that  In

front of me is 223

that before you, here the land

acquisition in which the user ID is in front of them,

their user name is in front of me, so if I

fight gastro in this Prem Nagar, then

what will I do, I will first

manipulate with the semester here, I

will tease it in this.  Let me make some changes like I will

put a single quote and see how

someone is getting graduated here. If I

don't backsass then I will submit and

you can see this is one and remains

intact so we have admin in this sentence

then  What we have to do is to remove the house

from the mosquitoes, you remembered I

find the biggest good time india permit, after that we are

here at that time, happiness is considered working i.e.

we have seen, what if it is made, what if it is broken,

and there is an exam date in the bank there.  What has to be done is to

take the single in the middle through dual core or backless. After installing these, it

goes viral, so our job is to

remove Nehru and the barat tohar is done, now our job is to

come Shahrukh, here first meter

can see this.  Inside Viral also i.e.

gasification data is going here first

we can see the meter, we had got the usage ID Chandra

Singh, if we centralize it after the death of Kota

then one user ID is coming here i.e. this

is the description now.  In this, our work is to

remove the average battery. Single

should remain one and a half. How, we will enter the query here

which kittu condition, beard, this connection will go

like all the 9 quotas will go,

how will we put the conditioner, to make two connections, we will

take in the juice and the operator whose working.  Keep

explaining to you and will give the mark of death.

One question. Now assume that there is

no value before single. No,

don't put it in your mind. If you have found it, then

inside the wearable which is used here, let's

see it in the same order.  I will

click on it so that we can see, so

here we have taken the select query from Get Idea,

this is our letter, we will run in this,

we

can make my bigger, a little tighter, we can see

this dried parameter, open and close it with a single core.

So if I

put the lion inside the side, then the missing

will grow like we explained earlier and what we did

after this cross, I

wrote further that the condition like giving perfect audition

is starting, the data we have is

going  So what will we do, let's

do the cockroach here and here we have

given a mark to Mittu and it will go that the educated

rest day comment is that of double-animation

which is basically we you sentence which makes the comment

further along with the talents.  We will

use all the chords, look at it and

enter it,

so here you can see that I have

given a condition, I have not given any value for the loop condition, but

all the users

are here, so this is a list of a festival.

Also, how to test the parameters,

here I have given the basic very short link,

here the attitude is that new task

Abhishek, with the help of my daughter,

can I go to this database or not, I have to

see, how will he see us,

see you.  What to do: Basically,

before looking at the others, let us understand one thing.

Here, it is not necessary that it can happen in every house,

after that,

you do

n't even know anything else. Subscribe to

our  You

can further use the channel here, you can

watch it here,

subscribe this channel here, this will take a

backup, this is ok, then open

investment here, inject it daily, like this, it

can open or close in bulk.  So, we have to

try to keep in mind that we can

close the settings so that the further

response is not happening, there is

nothing much difficult here when only 1015

combinations will be formed, through this the rebellion

will be Kamleshwar and mostly chances.

Most of the developers are making mistakes and this is the

only problem. Even if you

use it, you are

doing coaching, then you

can easily reset here and you

can search here, if

not in this,

then

what will we do?  There was

some other request, you welcome, we

will copy here, whatever you are seeing,

we will complete it, we will go and get appointed on our channel due to our SQL

injection, so

here,

which is quick

appointment, so we will write here - it

means

village here.  With the help of do, we will do

this

now here we are here

that here the function of data base was there, it has

become dedicated and what else we will see here,

we will find Nitin Gadkari here and

enter, we will find the red

button.  But why don't I comment on videos, I don't know that

if I subscribe to any of them here, then

here I have to keep in mind that if there is

any of them, then

remove them from there and if both of them are used for one,

then if you

hate it completely,

then see.  Can we take

it to work, then we have told him that

you are the Commander, we have told him that

through Shiv, I am giving this, we

need a database in which to do testing,

whatever payment you get, you would have provided

database in unwanted schools, you would have maintained the phone.

Now he will do his work, he will test every kilometer,

then he will look at it. At present,

I am saying that you need more doctors,

should you have a son, we will reduce it completely,

we do not want any reduction,

whatever is there, we will let it all be ours,

for now here we want.  So no one can do the job

here, I would have given a

better look to the one who will loot them.

Okay, so here we are rough

baghwa here that

further subscribe to this channel

here this is what

we are here and

subscribe to this here.

And if we add to this then here

I can do a western dresses

level

request phase,

take this and

we will enter then we will do our work,

here we can get our work done, first of all I

click

and

something like

this is not found.  Whoever likes it

and

works here to subscribe, we go to our

second one which is our login here,

you can see here, here we will go to

Test

Vrinda, now rather by expanding the window

here and we here as many as we can

Subscribe on us we will

click on us any time click here

subscribe can subscribe

we do we do so here here

you can see here

you

can see here you

can see here

now we will try

like see  Can put it here and

here basically oil is being found in bullion

so it is being generated here now our

work is to remove the server how to do that

village is simple we will put someone else here

because keep an eye on the url when this you  I will

not do it directly in any side

that I have

two

first leg double here - will I not take

Vikas Jeevan Mein Double - that will do the work of comment,

here I will put cockroach at the end

and as soon as I enter, I will

see this.  If you are here to give a gift and give me a drink, if

you don't come then you take care and will intercede. If you are here now, not a hospital, then

we have given some aspiration like this.

Basically, if the virus does not go away, then I

should do another quiet s. We

will test the attacks here.  But let's see

rabbit time written here, it is not working here,

so now we will write here the query which

is Boys School, click on

this time but so building seconds

and basically we will quote it here like this,

okay flour.  If you don't need it then

click here, write that subscribe

here,

we have tried more here,

if we don't know then what will we do, then till

where should the phone call become a

normal input, someone of ours who

can do custom valuation  I was thinking that if you do

n't include this method in the plate, then you will normally complain about

it. Subscribe to our YouTube channel.

I will give it guava mission here.

After giving the form mission, when we will write Indian

Map and tagged you for rural

cases and here

on here.

You can see

that it is

possible

subscribe

so that if you are doing well then

here you have got another information that is

that Get Permitted To

Artists Who Appear To Also And Only

In The Blind i.e. And I am Blind But I Can Give

Vote To  There are about 20 options which is the same which is

subscribe here

and if

you

notice here then here

now we will write in here festival

McDowell because we have got the database so

we are here

we

are here

that a see you so

this  Aarti

Seervi

and here appointed on the dead table

and

subscribe this channel by clicking here and

here we have a

query and here we can see this

table named juice where are all these

tablets

that they are amazing  Download here are

reading to dump and here it is

saying that whatever is here subscribe

them for

quick

appointment with the password like it

can be seen here by

using here appointed

appointed here due to

Posting 10 grams in pass data season, this thing, this password is

that these people

can see that we are here

that you can see here, you people also show

June, if you are engaged here then please subscribe subscribe

and subscribe.

Here I will get the option

Subscribe Here we basically

subscribe

Officer and a soldier

Understand some working in a lot of meters Tried to remove Kashmir and others in it

Subscribe

Must

subscribe To [

praise]

[music] It has

happened











As you can see here, the device
 or URL, he has clicked on,

its exact and current
 location is shown.

Hello hackers🙂🙂

How are you?🙂🙂

Welcome again to
 WSCube Tech🙂🙂

Do you want to know how can
 we track someone's location?

So, I, Ashish Kumar have
 brought a video for all of you

on your
 demand in which

we will learn how we
 can track anyone's location

and that too the
 exact location.

So, first we will go
 to our Kali machine

where we have to open
 the terminal first.

Along with that, we have
 to open our browser also

because we will download
 some required tools from here

which will help us in exact
 location tracking of any system.

So let's start. First we have to
 install a tool named "Seeker".

So here, we will
 write "seeker github"

and we will
 press "Enter".

So, the URL of GitHub
 will come in front of us.

So, we have to click
 on the first URL

and we have to
 install this tool.

The installing process of
 GitHub is very easy in starting.

First we have to
 download it.

So, we will click
 on "code".

Then we will
 copy this URL and

then we will go
 to the terminal.

We will go to
 some directory like

I am going to
 "cd Documents" as of now

and I am giving root
 permissions here

and now here, for
 downloading it, we will write:

"git clone" then give a space and
 paste the URL that we got from there.

And the "t" of "git" is missing
 here, so we will correct it.

Okay perfect.

So, the tool named "Seeker"  is getting
 saved in the our Documents directory.

We are going to to do the further
 process with the help of this tool only.

Apart from that, we will need one
 more tool here which is ngrok.

because we will have
 to do port forwarding.

Why and how we have
 to do, I will explain you.

As of now, let's
 download the tool.

So, we have to go to the
 website and write: ngrok.

We have to
 press "Enter"

and we will click on the
 first URL that we are getting

and then we will
 go to "Downloads"

and we will
 download it

and along with that take care
 about what I have told in old videos...

First, we will go to Downloads
 and we will download it from here.

So I have clicked on
 "Download for Linux"

so that it gets
 downloaded.

And as long as it is downloading,
 you have to keep in mind that

to use this ngrok software
 that we are downloading,

you will need an
 authentication token

which you will get
 only after you sign up.

And here we
 will sign up

and along with that, we need to
 take care of one more thing that

any of our personal
 details should not go here.

As of now, I am
 already logged in but

I am showing you
 after logging out

how I can sign up,

how I can create an account without
 entering any personal details.

So here, what is
 it asking me?

It's asking email, password and
 we will click on "Sign up for free".

This is the
 login page.

It's asking me name,
 email and a password.

So here, I can enter any
 name, email and password.

Now, what
 should I do?

From where will
 I bring an email?

I will go to
 temp mail.

There is a website
 named "temp-mail.org"

which gives us
 temporary mails.

This will make
 our task very easy

and also, we will not need
 to enter our personal details.

So here, it will automatically
 give me an email address

and all the mails that will
 come on that email address,

it will show all of
 them in this inbox.

So, we will
 wait here.

And here, it has
 given us an email.

We will copy
 that email.

We will go
  to ngrok.

And here, we will paste this
 same thing in the name field

and we will remove the
 starting digits and alphabets.

So, the email that
 we have copied,

we will paste
 it here and

we will keep
 a password.

So here I will click
 on "I am not a robot"

so that I can
 verify myself

and then I am
 clicking on "Sign up".

I will click on
 "Accept Agreement".

Now, you can see that my
 account is created in ngrok.

What process do I
 need to follow now?

So here, its showing me
 an authentication token,

I have to verify this authentication
 token which means that

I need to add it in
 my ngrok software

in the way it is told
 in these commands.

First, I have
 unzip ngrok

and then I have to
 run this command.

So, I am copying
 this command

and then I will go
 to the terminal

then I will write
 "cd Downloads".

cd Downloads

If we want to go from
 Documents to Downloads then

we need to move back by one
 directory, So, we will go back.

And now we will
 go to Downloads.

We will write "ls".

And here you can see that there
 are so many zip files of ngrok here.

So, we have to
 unzip them,

It is very easy
 to unzip them.

After writing "unzip" here,
 we will write the "filename".

So, I have
 written here.

So here, we will write the
 name of the zip file of ngrok

and then, we will press
 "Enter". It will unzip.

And after being unzipped,
 it will look like this.

We have to keep in
 mind one more thing that

if this file doesn't have
 executable permissions then

we will provide it.

All of you can tell
 how we will do that.

It is very
 easy.

We will
 write here:

"chmod +x" and then
 "the name of our ngrok file".

So here, our ngrok file got
 the executable permission

which means that
 we can run it now.

Now, what we have to do that
 the authentication that we had,

we have to
 paste it here.

So, here I pasted the ngrok
 authentication code here

and pressed
 "Enter" and

here my authentication
 is saved.

As of now, I
 can use ngrok.

So, let's go back to our Seeker
 and let's see how we can use it.

We will open
 a new tab and

from here, we will
 write "cd Documents".

First, we will write "cd .." to go
 back then we will type "ls" and

here we will write
 "cd Documents".

Let's zoom a little bit so that it
 becomes clearly visible to you.

So, which files are
 there in Documents?

There is a folder named
 "seeker", we will go inside it.

When we write "ls", we
 get some files here but

we don't know how to install
 this tool and how to use it.

So, we will go to the page of GitHub
 from where we had  downloaded it.

And here, it will show us
 complete details related to it

when we scroll down.

So, by scrolling down, we
 can see that this tool is

for location tracking which
 tells the exact location

and it follows the process
 of social engineering.

And we are getting so many
 things related to it here

after scrolling
 down slightly.

In "Installing", we
 will get its process.

We have done the work of git clone
 and we have entered the folder.

Here it's asking
 to run "apt update"

and along with that it's
 asking to install some tools.

So, all of you do
 "apt update" first

then we will
 install these tools.

For doing that, we will
 copy this command

and we will go to our terminal
 and give the root permissions

I will paste the command
 here and press "Enter".

All these packages and tools
 are already installed in my system.

So, it's already showing
 that I have newest version.

But in your case, it will be installed
 as soon as you run this command.

Now, we have to run
 1 more command here

which GitHub has
 shown us here.

It is
 "pip 3 install request"

So, it's downloading a
 package of Python through pip3.

We will run
 this also.

For me, it's showing that
 requirement already satisfied.

If it's not showing that for
 you then it will install.

Otherwise, it will show
 the same for you that

"Requirement already satisfied."

We have configured
 both these options.

Now, we have
 to run our tool

and we have to see how we can
 track the exact location through it.

So, we will
 scroll down here.

We will see how to
 use it in its "Usage".

Here, it's telling that we have to
 run this file through Python 3

and I can see its
 complete help through "-h"

which it is
 showing me here.

Apart from that, it's also
 showing the steps here

that if I want to follow
 the manual process,

I can write "manual"
 in front of "-t".

Now, what
 is this "-t"?

So, "Help" will
 tell us that.

Here, "-t" means
 tunnel

which will take our port online to
 connect it to some other system.

Whether it will do
 this on its own or not,

as we have written "manual" in
 front of "-t" here, it means that

we will take our port online according
 to us by creating terminal

so that anyone
 can connect us.

We will not take the help
 of this software in this

and this is the
 good process here

through which you will get to
 learn some better things to learn.

We will copy
 this command

and let's go to
 our terminal

and take
 care because

my current
 location is "seeker"

which means that I am in that
 folder which I had downloaded.

I will show it by
 writing "ls" command.

So here, the file name
 "seeker.py" is there

which I just
 have to run.

I am just pasting
 the command here:

"python3 seeker.py -t"

"t" is for tunnel.

And in front of that, I am
 mentioning "manual".

I will press "Enter".

Here, you can see that
 our tool has started.

Now, what is
 shown here?

Here, it's written as :
Select a Template

And as we had selected
 "manual" in tunnel,

here it's written as:
 Skipping Serveo

which is used for
 creating tunnel.

It's skipped because we are
 creating the tunnel on our own.

Here, we are asked
 to select a template.

What is a template?

It is a clone website
 which is already ready

which is made
 to trap someone

for the purpose of
 social engineering.

So, here will choose
  the option "0"

which is for
 "near me".

As of now, it's written
 as "Near you" but

let me give you an
 example of this that

when we go to
 Gmail and write:

shops near me, restaurants
 near me, hotels near me, etc.

then it shows us the shops,
 restaurants and hotels near us.

So, I think that it's going to use
 the same thing or template here.

So, we will write "0"
 and press "Enter".

And here it has started
 its work very fast.

It has told us that it has created
 a website on port number 8080.

Let me explain what
 the seeker is doing here.

Seeker has created such a
 website to which if anyone comes,

we will get its exact location
 and some other details.

We will get to know the
 details after using them

but it's telling that it has created
 the website on the port 8080.

But as our system didn't
 have any public IP and

it had just
 a private IP,

so this thing is started on
 our private IP on port 8080.

Now, we have to take
 it to public mode

so that any person can
 access this website.

As this website is already
 created on port 8080,

now we have to
 make it public.

How can
 we do that?

All of you must be remembering
 that we have installed a tool ngrok

which is used for
 port forwarding

which will help us in
 taking the port online.

The folder where we are, you can
 see that the ngrok file is there.

We will write
 here: ./ngrok

which means that
 we are running it.

As the thing that is running
 on port 80880 is a website,

we will set its protocol
 as "http" to run it.

In front of ngrok, we have to
 write the protocol and port

which we
 have to open.

So the
 port is 8080.

We have started ngrok on protocol
 "http" which  has its port as 8080.

We pressed "Enter"

which means that our
 port 8080 has come online.

And what is port forwarding
 that ngrok has done?

It has given us a
 domain or an URL.

As soon as any person
 comes to this domain,

it will be redirected to the port
 number 8080 of our local host

where our
 website is running

which is
 made by seeker

through which the location
 of anyone can be tracked.

Now, we just have
 to copy this URL

and we have to
 share this to anyone.

We can add some
 more things in this.

But as of now,
 we are seeing

the basic part whether
 it is possible or not

to see the exact location
 of anyone or not.

Here, I have copied it and
 we can share this to anyone.

As of now, I am sharing
 this in my own browser.

But, you can share it
 to anyone  you want,

be it to any mobile or Android
 device or any iOS device.

You just have to
 share this URL

and as soon as that person
 runs this UTL in his browser,

be it any browser of laptop
 or computer or mobile,

this kind of website
 will be shown to him.

As soon as he will
click on "Continue" here,

he will be asked the permissions
 of location by a message that

the website wants to see your
 location. Will you allow or not?

And as soon as
  he clicks on this,

we will get his current location
 at that moment itself.

So, let's go to our terminal to see
 what information we have got.

Here, our ngrok is telling that
 some files have been accessed.

Now, we will
 go to seeker.

First, I will make
 the screen wider.

So, here look at the information
 that we have got in Seeker.

We will get very
 good information here.

From here, our device
 information is collected.

What is that?

Operating System
 is Linux because

I have run this
 URL in Linux.

The RAM that is provided,
 that is not told here.

Core processor
is told here.

GPU is told.

Resolution is told.

The browser name is told
 as Firefox that I was using.

It has shown my
 IP that is public IP.

And location is told
 here according to IP

but this is not
 the correct thing.

The correct thing is
 latitude and longitude.

Using these 2, I can track
 the exact current location

of the system that
 has run this URL.

There are 2
 ways to use this.

First thing is that it has
 automatically shown me

the exact location of the latitude
 and longitude on the Google maps.

As soon as I click "Ctrl" + this URL,
 this URL will run on my browser.

And in the browser, it will
 show me the exact location

of the user who has
 clicked on this link.

Let's see.

You can see
 that it has shown

the exact and current location
 of the device that has clicked it.

So, you also
 can use this.

Now, we will talk on
 some advanced thing.

You might be having 
 a question that

why would anyone
 click on this URL

or why would
 he allow?

It's looking
somewhat weird.

So, this was a software
 that is showing us that

anyone's location can be
 tracked through an URL.

We also need to do
 some modifications.

What can we
  do here?

As the URL was running
 on pressing that button

and the location
 tracking was getting on,

we can remove that to
 happen by pressing the button

and we can take to "on load"
 also through "on click".

And along with that, we
 can also change its template.

Instead of the interface
 that is coming in front of us,

if we put the Google
 Maps interface then

anyone will easily allow
 to track his location

because Google Maps asks
 for the location anyhow.

So, no one will
feel it suspicious

that why this website
 is asking for location.

So, if we put Google
 Maps interface here

which means that if we give cloning
 website of Google Maps here

and after that if we ask for
 the location on "On load" itself

then our work can
 be done very easily.

So, it is practically correct
 which will get our work done.

So in this way, we can see anyone's
 exact and current location.

So, I hope that all of you might
 have liked this today's video🙂

where we have seen anyone's
 exact location and its system details

with the help
 of just an URL.

I will keep on bringing such
 advanced videos for you.

So, if you have not liked, shared
 and subscribed to this video

then do it now.👍👍👍

Thank you.🙂










Do it, it has happened, it has

happened, it has

happened, it has happened,

hello hello hello friends, so how are you all

welcome back into being wasted time,

Ashish Kumar Rai with all of you, where we

are going to do what we will do, basically today we are

here for the thing.  Gathered here, today we will

discuss all your comments

and give agriculture and some other very

interesting things. Sajna has come with lakhs, we all have come,

one child can do it. Hi, how are you

all and how many people have come in the pack, ok.  Okay, very

good, okay, let's start

with the servant who is basically looting,

so that first of all, we will see your comments, the

solutions to the problems of the team here

and at the same time, we will also have something,

whoever won the drive.  Basically he will

get the premium of ethical hacking, basic to

advanced, the entire court, the effort of w.com, so

all the students have come, it is

very good, okay, let's start

here with the first portion,

wedding sir, which one is not the part.

Definition of computer networking in it

basically, who is not a part of computer networking,

who will tell, it is canceled that your

waiting is seen and told, but

not the footprint, pipe fitting, communication and Sharif,

who is not a part of computer networking,

ok, ok, keep it separate.  If the answer is quite

correct, then let's see, therefore,

what is computer networking? When two systems

communicate with each other, when we talk,

then friends,

what are the things that are a crime for talking to us? 510 because of which

someone got into the network. Share.  So we will

show the file, we will also do communication and we

will do shadowing too, so what is the

foot print here, what is the

training and can tell more, it is very

good, whoever is pending has

given the right answer, what is the foot print here,

who  Can you tell me what is the

other name of A to Jaipur train? Please

do something that yes, this is the correct answer.

Footprint in this A is very good. Okay, so mouth

all. Muzammil Sirsi answered that

information gathering is called printing

and record which is  After that,

enter our comment here and let's see

that this recipe has been asked by Soy. Comment Saffron How to

change username and password. This question has been taken

out in the context of

how to change username and password in Kali Linux.

Can anyone give an idea

how to change the user name and password?

Our audience says which

user name and password can be changed, how will we change the

command run, the terminal will be run,

permission will be created through Surya Shiv,

after that we will write now.

Like WWD Shop, very good, whoever

answered is absolutely right, who is Lakshminarayan, it is allowed to

do this that

if you enter basicly by writing PWD, you will be

asked for user name, after that you

can also add password if you have a registered

user name.  If you want to change the password, then

write PWD, give space,

write the name of the teachers, like you would do, the device will ask you for a new

password and if you

set the password like this, then it is very good,

OK, OK, let's see the percentage next,

so here is another cough which is my problem.

Tell me a separate question here but the

name was Karthikeya WagonR is digital. Tomorrow the name will be

good. What is this? This is not a wrong

question, so I have seen it. Who can tell

me, I am sold,

waiting, waiting,

what has happened to waiting, please

do.

Yes yes what is useful is asaf

that ok ok today password a little bit whatever it takes

basically will give what is it will give is a powder

which helps us 100% in the morning basically

one tea spoon which helps us now

inside this we are clay  To

extract the British in the domain, let's go, it's the

best, try it next, let's see,

notes, our question has been asked by

Dhananjay, Sir,

can we hack HTTPS website, our audience

is, can I hack CTPS website?  Can,

what do you think, can, can't,

a,

this is very good, absolutely correct, it is nothing

for us, if it is not social,

then this cut and being HTTP IS, the

security of the website will

not be properly updated, there are many records.

To keep things secure, a lot of

things have to be kept in mind. There

are parameters, there are many things with proper guidance, so

yes, it is a bare bones

situation, so any website

can be found out and corrected by improving it.  Next, let's see how you sleep here on

time.

As we have understood

that no matter what type of person I am, no matter where I am

coming from or anyone who has all this etc.,

whoever works hard will definitely be very good

in this.  Can make, collecting can move ahead, let's

see next, then night

falls, everyone has a question, everyone will be ready. What is another

term used for

security, developed? A security development

is known by what and how? Here the press is given

180 scanning or  9 What is Dev,

who will tell the answer to this, okay wait,

although I will look at the questions first,

I will see a lot of questions settled here,

what is the time here, which

can be related to security fraud,

here

okay okay but very  Great, absolutely correct

answer, otherwise it is Platy's, we

can basically call it risk assessment, you

can say that it is 2019, all the

Vikas Jyoti here, we call him our son

smart, let's see next here

that the show has done wonders by doing the exam now.

Black man vs Kali, which of the two is a

better operating system? Black is

better than black pepper and body system, which

job will I take? Let me answer the question, all the

operating systems are very good. It

depends on what work you have to do.

Ask him what else, operating systems

keep on using it, we sometimes use black,

options are Linux operating system

in it, if we go to print or to, we use it,

we can use it in black,

black can be used even today, here

Talking about these two systems, one

thing can definitely be said, what does the audience like? They

ask who likes Kali, that is,

basically you start one,

which Kali passengers like, then

see which one is Kali.  Yes, but it is

very good, very good,

continuous black, black, black, very correct,

everyone likes the Kali opening system, it is

very good, Sukali Jeeta is

here and hope you have got the answer to the question,

dad.  Injection Engine Attack

in Which Dad Was Deserted * Spring Data

Letter Part Two Instances of Straw What

could be the answer, see here

What is the option A Proud and Real Clean

Nominations for Lips What is the code that is being

used here

OK  But all the people who are giving very correct answers on Fatwa will

get the correct answer i.e. what

happens is that Amit puts the input and

runs it in English in the input box,

which will later help in connecting to the SDO database

or for doing school college money.  If it

works then we call it

injection, very dreams, very correct answer,

let's see next, it will be very good, we will

press it, all ok, so Jagruti is

basically commenting here, sir, is this pension

box installed and then window system?

This did not reach us because

after installation, there was a

notification of virus from Windows Firewall, how is that in this,

please do one more thing, please

download any file, any one, any

file on your system, any petition for  If there

is anything in Swift Feet,

download it from a verified place. Make a special effort. If

you could have done the match then do the test match first. Otherwise, download it from a verified place

and even after that, those who

eat or can receive notifications are

very good in business.  Our clean gooseberry

which is anti virus will show that

if you go to the office and download it, which you will

not do and this festival can do it,

then it is very good, okay, no one will

do it, we will do it further here.  If we move on, then

notes here,

what is the full form of Dos Is Celebrated Country, here we

will see the option, what is distributed off,

dinner off, denial of service, and not given a

chance to correct

that, okay, different answers are perfect.

Most of the people are saying one thing, some are

saying one thing, if you say anything, then definitely

do it here and it is a proven denial of service attack,

which by default

is looking fixed here, not basic,

where is the dinner and service tab here?  We call that an ad.

Now I have a different question. Let's see who

answers first. Whoever gives will have

more chances of winning the prize in the giveaway.

So here tell me what is the

full form of DJ. What is the full form of DJ

?  Who will tell the form of the dog? Tell me quickly.

Yes, what is the full form of the hero? What is the

waiting waiting? The answer has not come yet. So it is necessary

here to distribute the pick.

Distributed denial of service step. You have

given the correct answer. Now a little

more about it.  Advance partner is going to

answer quickly like see here in a very

good way what is the full form of Adidas that what is the

full form of targets what is the

full form of DR DOS

that should I wait who will answer first  Will give it has

come

that it is ok ok not dry yet Adidas's no no no no

no can tell the full form of dance,

whoever tells it will

increase the chances that that person will be given the

vaccine but Pandey

gives the complete Malik of Center Singh.  I am once here

on DR DOS A,

what is the form,

why is it there, no, no, I have not received the answer yet,

I will tell you, if no one has responded,

even here, no one has given the correct answer,

then let me know.  You will have to do this and this

opportunity may go like this for you, the

effort here is very good, the audience is good, the audience

is trying, but let me

tell you, the full form of D here

is Distributed

Replicated Denial of Service Tax, that is,

this is such an attack.  It happens in which every

guideline was also quick mode switch off that text is sent through

many systems on one system,

this was

answered in our videos when we talk about DOS

i.e. when we talk about Distributed Denial of

Service Center.  What is

this, this thing is being reply toed through the system here also,

sweater tax is

sending it to the system today that through this system the

reply toe is continuing till there, in between there is

another zeal also set up of solid, that is here.  But

goes to the correct answer of Distributed Denial of Service

Tax, which is now available, it is a

very good thing, you will definitely see

here, there will be

some benefit for the one who answered first in the world, next let's see,

Deepu Bhale is commenting from Hello to

What.  Type of food after being bought from

wife in tasting what is monitor modern talking about

were here we stage this

question inside this which comment mistake in glass

here tell two mode I

in fast that what we apply present is the

name of both  Tell me in which place is the mistake,

who can tell whether it has the correct name, where is the

mistake, who will tell which of the two

are the first, the one we use in this must be

in the parking lot,

so what should be the correct answer, that is the

absolutely correct answer.  That you

should not have text mode on it, okay then what would be

correct, it is very good that

Lakshminarayan ji has given the answer or

some people have given it before too. Do we

choose only these two options - Monitor Mode and Manage Mode and what can we do?  Let's do this

by default in management, which

we convert into monitor mode

so that we can monitor everything. Now their

first question is basically where did we

get it from, so Amazon is Flipkart, we handed it over to any nearby

tree or Ramesh.  There you ca

n't believe it, you can get a tender WiFi

adapter, you can say that it will

not be too expensive, you will get such a

good to-do approach, you will get the

return of the suit and key,

you will get the WiFi adapter through which your

saree will be returned.  You can perform for OK

perfect listen next let's see here this is a

very easy question like this send it on Android

Don and on which best send it on iOS

on Windows Planets Colonel or on Google

send it to which Android app

that that's

K Laxman who  First of all, the answer

here is its side. The correct answer is to have lunch. Which

Android device we

use is our Santro. On whom should it be sent?

Speaker basically commented How

to for Ethical Hacking Certification Course So if

you want to join Ethical Hacking Certification Course then you will be getting the form in the description here

and by clicking on the same OM link

you can basically request for Ethical Hacking

then the

description is here.  We have added it by cutting it,

so basically, by

clicking on the pain we have given in the description,

you can send your voice mail so that you

can do ethical hacking. If any bed

becomes empty, then whatever thing is there, then that saree can be added.

Queries of any problem that you have,

if you have any more questions in your mind, then

you can fit it within that work and after that you

can join it, here we have it,

you will get both the requested, offline and online.  You

can join whatever seems right, then all the

families are given, you can click on it

and the drafting inside it is done and it is

perfect

ok, it is ready,

so here we have the net question which

is

TDP Roles on Which Sport HTTP

which is  On which post is Brahma

4.3

live581 honeypot number for 350 500 600 On

which post is city addition done, very

good answer to that, vegetables are very close,

now there is another question about cash withdrawal

from, if this is also told then it has

happened.

What is the full form of ASP,

you will give the correct answer, all of you are fine, very

good Shroff and we here are the lion function

of these, basically, you have given the correct answer,

here first of all, text

transfer protocol has been given a little bit,

which is HTTPS?  It is run on the post, I had

quickly told on which post the STPF is

run, the

granddaughter from whom the answer was given absolutely correct,

first of all, here HTTPS is a

repeat and HTTP is a

potent weapon, very good, next move.

It is very good here and

it should be ever sensible here so Ashish

commented here it is Windows

operating system and want to make payload APK

and connected smartphone with will be

hobby smartphone with my computer candidate

since morning want that your Windows  There is a

question for everyone that we can make paste through the operating system. It is possible that you

can make your own through the Windows operating system.

Then what do you think, can you do this or

not? It is included in the Windows operating system, so it is

absolutely like ours.  So everything is possible, we can

install it at any place and use it.

We can

download it on the subscribe button inside it. Penetration

testing arm is my painter box, we

can do many options through it, we have

powershell here.  If you can generate through it,

then we can paint any operating

system, any to in fact,

send Android through Android as well, I

can give us the first blow through Tomic, so

you can send it to anyone in your system, if it depends on any

system.  You

can also do your work through the system that you

can perform them, very good

next let's see here dash command is

used to remove the guide then like very

basic commander which command is used to

remove the directive location

tracker  Is art yaar remove etc alarm given

that you what is the version ok ok ok it is a

very good pair which is

less used to delete the folder

this is very good absolutely correct answer

here is the juice correct answer is that.  It

is RMD which means Remove

Direct i.e. Remove Fold, it is used to

delete any folder.

Perfect all in this folder will be deleted. Let me

tell you that it is fine here Sameer, this is a

zero phone, the question has been asked sir

about ethical hacking.  What language should we use for Ethical Hacking?

What do you guys think? Okay,

what language should we use for Leo? So

here is the answer. First let me tell you,

basically, there

is no need to use any language to do ethical hacking. Okay,

but.  To do money collection,

its the product, so understand such things,

understand networking, as I must have

taught you from the beginning, first

networking is all about information gathering,

we understand all the features, then put

whatever is there of ethical hacking, then focus on the chair and it

will come.  There will be a decision on programming languages, if

not then it is better to see,

my audience language is better, I am telling you, I do

not make you focus on this thing, there

is no need of any programming language to learn acting, it is

very good, whoever is answering, no

language, Laxman ji.  He said absolutely right,

no program is required, after knowing the

programming language, our next

point is that we can make a good tool.

If we talk about salary, then

what helps me is that we can make our work easier by making our own tool.  There is an

article in that article that I have not given that much support.

I don't even know Python questions in the village. I can't believe it.

Ok, please fill the profile very well. Next,

here witch command is the juice

for executing. Good program. One year

program.  That is, a dip

program is taken out inside the terminal, through minute programming,

Shaligram is done,

how can it be done, DOS corpse, CHMO,

DPW, ninth house, what is its correct answer,

very good, very intelligent and everyone here

is giving good answers here, Dr.  The

slide which is this is the correct answer.

We can run any best mileage respiration file through dance class, it is

very good, absolutely correct, next

let's see

which language should not be learned in these Python, audio

will date it, learn JavaScript.

Should or should also learn to follow? What do you say?

Millions have

happened.

I am very good at giving fashion to people.

Basically, you should learn fashion to give importance.

You can go to any of the two places. I will

shift to the first one. Do you

understand ethical hacking?  When you

get into the why clear, you can grab a

few passes of programming languages ​​to go to the advanced level,

in which

I will not suggest you the complete programming language,

then learn as much C as

you require, so that too only

for ethical hacking.  You can absolutely go to

sister's side instead of many things, it makes your work easier,

breaks down your networking, it will

help you a lot, it is easy, it is more path,

so you can stay in fashion practice, perfect next

we have

command use to check current network interface which

Because of us network interface to whose here we

can type which one will be less used and

which 0.5 inches I have given this health, what is the

correct answer, it is very good, very

fast, here is this and through Prakash Raj

6.3, all the enterprises we are  Time

connected to the device is NGO t-20 i.e.

WiFi, whether there is so much table, we all return to

this, these are all the devices, this is what I have

seen my device through Aam Aadmi Party,

no other details are given, notification

is very good,

see next.  It is

also basic in less time, it is written here sir,

where to talk back, then you also

answered, where to like them and it is

plastic,

get it from Amazon, then from where

can you get it, you can bring it back from anywhere.  A small unit

can be called a WiFi adapter, which is 312

Pandey. As I have told you, you

can get it from anywhere and

set the

needle here. Keep in mind whether the network scanning methodology

improves or not.

What is the network training methodology?  No,

what are the options according to Mukti, which are

not included in the comment section? Exploiting

Sports, what is IPL and Standing

or Van Gogh? One of these options is needed.

Basically, what is the thing that is

not included in the methodology of doing this in our network?

This is very good, very good.  Absolutely

correct Exploiting Sarkar is extra because

Exploiting is done

after doing animation after network scanning which

means taking system capsules through found loophole

Very perfect Exactly

correct answer Next is

that Sonakshi we have medical education has

asked sir ji  Should we ask these details,

if we want to use Kali's alternative in Ubuntu, will

it be installed?

What do you think, till then we

switch on all the Bluetooth,

is there any Diplomats point,

can you run it in 2012 also?  Or will we download them?

Yes, absolutely correct, why wo

n't it happen, because all these lines

are made for our system, we can also make the process of

installing any tool anywhere through Twitter

easy in the direction.

If you are facing problem in doing so, then

first of all download the digit which is there by targeting it rapidly

so that whatever is there will

start again,

after that till now download any URL or any file

in your system.  You

can install it by following all the steps which are the

steps, you get it on the page

that it is very good, it

moves forward from the next step,

so here is our command annual function

for AC case and it is very good.  The

question will answer this, it will be fun that the

technology minister performs through this command

that it comes wearing for the organization, the

option is hyphen such

hyperactive hyper ne energy about one

will answer it basically through the inspection of this command

basically here  But

in end technology distance from is made to

know what is very good very good

date hyper like this is the correct answer of this

but like this means here

can witch can perform in close

like tasty ka  Meaning, I told you what it

means, what is the meaning of 1st,

tell me quickly, what is the meaning of my iPhone

Let's take it a little advance to know what is the

meaning of SS? What is the meaning of SS? What is the meaning of SS?

Which scan is this? If you

ask madam, the thief will give answers to these questions.

Share more from here. If

I tell you first, then

nothing has happened.  Till now I have not found the right answer,

Height Punch Smallest Capital,

what does it mean, there is another system, soldier and

very good, Sonu has definitely answered this, answered absolutely

correctly, it means

just scan, send scan, what is the

benefit of tips.  It is okay, very

good, very good, okay, sorry, I think here, I have seen

a lot of things in the setting, I have seen

Tasty, this is also told, is it 7 days

chapter, is it useful,

what is the gas scan called?

Yes, yes, of course, no.  Children at the stand

can learn the setting, at any place, at

any place, your children can learn, anyone

can learn, you will have to work hard, but okay,

take a new chapter 1 chapter here,

what does it mean, which scan is aggressive,

according to this, very good Saurabh.  Lighting and

gas has replied that date chapter 1

means if the assistant can see perfect then

Rakesh Tiwari has asked comment here

sir can a child of seventh class watch

these videos for his child asked

on momentary class  He is a student of B.Sc., he

can absolutely watch the video, he

can add as many things as he wants in the society, it would

be good if he understands everything in his house

because the mind of children is sharp, it is understood that

he can understand everything, why if he watches it through enter, then he will

see these things.  After telling him to understand the things, if

he does not have the sentence in his back, then if he does

not see the thing, then it is good,

perfect, perfect, okay, then maybe the king is gone, he

cannot see, no, okay, okay, let's

move to the next, here

that they are in this protocol, this mode is difficult.  For

network administrator, this is also a very good

question that which protocol is which of all these

protocols is

difficult for a network

administrator to understand?

What is SMTP SMTP Ad Choudhary

About which of these photo should be understood by a network

administrator?  It is also difficult for them to understand. It is

very good to have company coordination and complete confidence. Some of you have given the

correct answer. The correct answer is A A

Sanam MP SM. Send the photo. Who is here? Must

be here

till here. Yes, you are absolutely correct.

Exactly what is SEBI? Simple Network

Management Protocols. What

is this photo in which we can basically configure it completely? It is

difficult even for a network limited. If we

can find the shortcomings in it,

then through easy protocols we

can find many shortcomings

of the system.  You can take the full address, you can update the print,

which you must have

seen in my video, there is a video of animation on such name, you must have

seen inside it, it is very good

and here the question is now, how to start

taking soo happy, nothing to start.  You

should

start learning more as your first step, if nothing else then

start the play list of my first video Mani, start it

from anyone's video, basically from

where you understand well and from there

networking and whatever things, all the steps.

Start learning by step, the

process of learning will start and you will

understand the method and what you need to improve to improve

your acting.

Okay, very good selection

here, okay sir Megha.  How to increase average after exploitation in the video,

okay so

basically what we request you here is

I have made a video in

which basically we have prescriptions to increase it

next9 News room and give

its entries then we can make it.  If

you give permission for this video to be posted on YouTube

etc., then I will

make a video for you sometime and put the button back. If it has

permission, then here this style

can be easily seen on the video, so if it could not be done properly,

but I will try the way.  I will

definitely try to bring a video from you.

Next,

how is it wonderful for you guys?

What is the announcement that

your company has about the complete article writing and

penetration testing course? There are

one more special thing in it which I  Vicky

is not there, I will tell you, listen carefully,

basically this chapter is a complete ethical hacking

and pendent acting course, you have

got 50% off on it, okay now, when will you get 50% off,

first let me tell you as soon as your life

ends, Elaichi Fashion, the time ends.

You will get this fifty percent off for 2 hours.

Where to try date oct pimple is

w.com. Now let me tell you what is special in it.

Here inside this till now

you have encountered the

listing of networking website and Android application.

And

for the subscribe button here,

inside which the computer will start

in half an hour

and for 2 hours

you will complete all the people you will do there.

After this, I do not think that you will get

any help in starting your career.

Instead of the word bicycle

company so that I can't answer here,

okay, here's basically the next

question, let's come planning log is the process

of now lock clearing, what is the

process of what is it, why is it called

removing all your footprints and

Activities from the system corrupt the

computer creating virus none of the above what to do

with this

I am very good absolutely correct volume will be absolutely

correct here

perfect person a medical answer is not given

correct answers by removing and this print print print

and activities i.e. whatever you

You do activities like installing

files, creating files,

leaving behind traces, there is a system to remove them,

clearing all the logs,

what is a lock, it

keeps all the records of our system, what do we do?

What work should we do? All the things written on the blog

are by a person. We will delete them.

All our activities will be done next. Which one is the

new. What is one of these or one

naivegh? What is this program

in English? What is the name of these? Bile and matter.

Wait on the slide person, I will

send it as soon as possible, so

I am

very different, so much friend, by the way, let's go here and

look with decoration, this is the name of the

picture, quickly tell me, my love is the picture, please

do it,

yes, please give such a notification that people  By

giving different answers, let's make it clear

so that everyone can understand all the

things, what is MP, what is assembly, that

one sir, it is quite simple network management, it is absolutely

fine, so what else,

I have also been awarded with a very good phase.

What else is a cigarette? America helps in making an onion circuit.

Command basically

installs online apps on fruits and

so that our processor can make what it

can and cannot make it when it can. Please

tell us on the address of the maths platform. It has arrived quickly.  If

your matup spider made spider

answers this quickly,

then you definitely have such a love for maths

where you get many more

losses on salary x price which help us in

finding out more details about any system without compromising it.

Or it is lacking in heaps, so Maths plate

is a perfect one where we

get some tough exam. Now here,

apart from this, let me ask, after doing basically all the topics,

I will just tell the answer that it is there but it

is basically a ministers program.  If one

clicks on these and removes it, then

it is quite a good virus.

After one line trip, IT will

not be able to read it or it will not be able to read whatever is different,

then due to the lack of it, how did I find out

that I have it?  The stick here is very amazing,

which is a virus, it is a program, now the

one question I have is that the math

part is the command line tools of which is very

amazing that the judge runs, the name of its graphical two

is the difficulty of the letter squad, their

name is  What is

this

very good and expensive Buffalo Gaya but the correct

answer is given that the name of the graphical weight of net speed

is Armitage, what kind of tool is this, which is a matter of complete

difficult version, which

works the same, just with graphical user interface,

today our net speed is amazing.  * Answer is you have to

understand because test is correct answer

here shot faith in this sacrifice comment

sugar will come after tenth and twelfth

bug bounty hunting ethical hacking how to

prepare and how to get a job in any company

how much will be the incoming income entry

is  Subah Singh gives answers to many questions here. The

biggest question is

basically time. So immediately after that, if you want to

start traffic from here, then

first of all you will have to clear American hacking,

that is, you will have to take knowledge of basic ethical hacking,

for which there are many

sources.  You can switch on this idea, it

is optional, try our bay, it is

available with your partner, there is a playlist from there, you can

watch it through YouTube also, the

collection is good, it is God's very Sripad,

where you should have all the things from basic to advanced.

To find out the shortcomings in an Android application in the back side, they

can join and start

learning like Backbone TB Collection. It

turned out that if you start learning, you will

get the idea from where to do Bigg Boss Twenty

and how to do it down.  When we finish very tasty,

then the company

cannot take a busy week in this. Yes, let me tell you one more special thing,

here we have

brought one more thing for you, which is the next village where I

am going to tell you which  What must have been given in CR a

few days ago is that the

interview preparation course has been brought by ethical hackers,

only you can add in it only for

starting and customers and students,

basically Rs 1600 for starting,

go there and get interview

preparation for tomorrow.  You can take whatever course is there,

here we will get complete guidance

on how to ask questions, article

writing, interview, activity of a person,

security in the

subsequent and spend a center for jitney

bhi jaati, what kind of questions are asked there

and  You can click to listen to the

methods of sitting in oil, all these things

are there, tell me the scanner which is

currently Rs 119,1000, right for you and whatever

you are getting here, if you are getting 9, then

only starting and customers are there.  We will

get it for these and then the notification will be given to

whoever goes there, if the children go to this class

then hopefully this side will be there, when you are completely

ready, it is in your hand, if you have the

knowledge to do it for the interview, then you

can easily get a job anywhere.  If you have income then it

depends on you, how good you are,

how much content you can add,

after the minimum you will make an appointment on Twitter, let's

see the nuts,

200, which is next here, what is the full

form of rate, what is the full form of rate.

Who will tell, let's look at the options here,

time, radioactive transaction, remote

access, frozen, reverse access, to join,

now who will tell the correct

answer, while waiting, who gives the biggest answer, is

hua

to,

is

in the gender description,

okay, so here you are.  All have been answered

whose correct answer is what is that remote

access

daily

Ghrit

here

which I told you about interview

preparation

ghr six on that so whatever interest you have

no which you have to get where only 349  So

soon it will end that even a beta tester

can take the question. Here comes the date, this

data interception method is used. Let's

see which of these data interception methods

we have. Sleeping dogs using

Mi Team and phishing. What is the answer? Who will tell this?  What has

happened is that

here in the villages he had

given the correct answer. First of all the

perfect professor has to give different answers. From now on

give good answers then we discuss

which is the option or what is the meaning of the one who is giving the second option.  So the

last thing

when you look at it is fashion. What is fashion? It is the

feeling.

Cloning anything, following the specifics of a website,

confusing your daughter that she should go to the real place i.e.

official place and observe and

stitch there.  What is the full form of Mi Cream? What is the main thing in the matter of

fact? Basically this measure is

not the correct answer. Let me first tell you,

what is a tomato? When three or four

metros are connected, then in the system

you falsely buy someone else's which.

Give the permission of the files to the person who

got the response i.e. if you take someone else's place

then he will be the main intermediate who

can access everything by sitting in the network that you

can do it 2036. What is the panic of

which basically all of you are also in this form.  It has been mentioned that

Distributed Denial of Service Attack, so

here none of these is

sniping. Third, what is sniping? This is a

method in which we

sit on the network and intercept it, that is, we

keep an eye on the packets and record them,

which we have done.  Point is also made in mood

and WhatsApp in which I

help the most, so whoever said this, I have

given the correct answer, you are this, its

correct answer is watching the match,

wearing safety back, asking the question, Sir Hai

King, where to go and learn online.  Now you can

learn it at many places here,

ours is basically online or else you

can apply online for Candy Crush. The point of it must have been

found in the description.

Welcome once again.  If you are interested then you can go to this form

link, do all the courses you

want to do online and send them, whatever

questions you have, you

can add them all by going here and join the online classes

of lights and here.

You can do ethical hacking, penetration testing

and if we keep coming up with some more dassies,

you can do that thing here. Next, let's see.

Yes sir, we can use antivirus on our Android phone, so

come on and tell me once,

is this the correct answer?  Can I

use an Android device? This is the

third question.

You are absolutely right, you

can do it. What is anti virus? What are the

programs that are in your system? The virus

scanner will stop anything found, it will be white and the

chapter will delete them.  If

we get any infection then it can be any place

on our map or it can be

basically Linux or Android

operating system or Windows.

We can install an anti virus anywhere.  Let's

see what is the

full form of rare picture of tell

me the options here

options are available address resolution

protocol address reverse protocol address

recover protocol and not know about your

correct answers

what is the full form of yatri

that here  You are writing some big questions, OK, perfect, perfect,

very good, everyone has

given the correct answer that advance

reservation protocol is a piece or

request is destination wedding

and the one who knows which IP has the

system.  So it is very good

that now here what I was doing in front of you is that

our offline back taken

online, both the batteries are starting,

here these are three fennel October and one

600 800 October Amar which is coming on 18th.

After two days, Sube Singh is here,

both online and offline classes have

started there. The first one is back, he is

getting very good offers from

West Indies. Do you have any details about what is there

in this post, what is off, what is the price?

Side it is your evening, now you will

get it in the description here, by

going to this video you can see all Ritesh. You will get the process about this course in the

description of the same video, so you

can see the size here, by filling the form, you  You

can comment with us so that our team can

connect with you and

solve whatever your problem is, do

not worship your favorite. The special thing is that

our back is starting on the same date

where both online and offline.  How would be the

penetration testing of such a collection? If you

want further development, then whoever wants to

join here, you have got the video link

in the description that by going to this video

link, you

can understand all the things about it through the tuition of this

video.  Inside the description you will

get the form link and the information which is part of your carriage will

not go to you

but if it is not true then what is the

full form of set tool

here, see what is the full form of set such team,

see one option is session in remission toolkit.

System in Selection Tool Kit Social

Engineering Phuket or 9.5 What is its

correct answer is

hua hua hua

this is a very nice dance is giving some different answer ok ok ok

so from here I am

absolutely right and which is social

Engineering Tut Physics or this

basic of F12 is such a tool kit which will

help us all in thinking activity condition cleaning and at the same time most of you have a

question that how can we get connected to our

virus like sexual harassment in minutes.

Also, the social

networking that helps you, the one called Arrest, will

also help you. Will

you get complete upload reminder in banning your feet, what will it do, whatever

paste you make,

you can use it in any  You can share it with the Android application

and after joining you will get the portion of the people

because the

signatures of the application are end so they

cannot upload the electricity properly so you

can also ride the signature. The video for this is back.

I will try to

bring it till the time of following, if I can then I will

definitely upload its video

on YouTube so that you can understand it well that you can use

Cassette to connect with any other notification issue in any Android application.

So here Mr.  You can

understand all the things about the system service, which is the

first gym play list, the link of which is

here, I will tell you all

about it to complete it, all the

details regarding it.  I will

try soon in the video, due to

lack of computer, it will come

soon on the tube, here I am here in the

description of the video, the play

list for that which

you have given so that I will give it to you all.  People

supported here very well, gave very good love,

everyone said that the video is going very well,

but we have a target, right now you can

share it as much as you can, like

it as much as you can, if you want to reach one million,

then finish it quickly.  For

all of you who are in the description of snake,

it is too

far to reach one villain, so let's see what our updates

can do. Here, I am offering a premium on YouTube for whoever made it reach one

million.

Maybe I will make it available for free on YouTube, I will

see it first.

I will take a few minutes of time and serve that video as well.

It

is growing so much. Here, you people have a

target.  It is recognized at the last minute,

then what is not wanted will be going on right now,

so let's see how quickly we can find out.

Share with everyone, whoever has achieved the

side, for that I am on YouTube

for all of us, the situation is decided to.  Let's

check the object will achieve this side,

a plate, a premium playlist, it is

related to the setting, I will start it on YouTube, till then let's

discuss for some time, so

see here, my friends are matching

in my mobile Gmail.  After getting the ID,

what could you have done? The amount of data that Google

keeps, the amount of information it keeps on our language, the

amount of time it waits, the number of inter-data and timers,

no one keeps that much, then if you have

someone's Gmail account and you are using

all the VPNs in the right way.  If you use Gmail then you

can basically get complete access to everything, including

a video related to typing. Yes, there

is a video of Gmail where I

can delete the video through Gmail. If you

watch it carefully, it will become clear to you that a lot of

things are there.  Activities can be done only by getting an email account

or we

can also do it by going to someone else's Gmail account. Okay, so yes, the

32bit acid in your purse will

not make any difference, you can learn any system of

heading, the system is slow.  If

advertising works then you can learn development knowledge, you have to

practice, you have to have some patience, you

can record from 10 times,

Bhagwan Tika Jab Maida, normal video like

how to do reporting,

all the things that happen in Bhagwati, all that has been told

in practical video or YouTube.  But I can't get

wet, life is interesting and I have

balance,

she is not supporting me for this, she can't get me,

praise God, we were Redvanska, but it

is within the course, so here I am not on YouTube.  Let's

see how

we will be able to get the plant

running, if you make a deposit then maybe I will upload Bunty's

video. But we will achieve the target.

Our video which is the target of meeting,

which I have installed here, please

share this video under the comment section from the district.

Reached one million and

share and like most Now as it reaches the

milestone here as soon as possible i.e. if it

reaches today's date then

I will upload the target is also water and

along with it the price is also a matter that mother-  I will

start adding the course of my daughter. I have said

that okay, so basically all of you will do it here

and start. Next, which of the following

is used for

creating and which tour inverter is used for making floating candles?

In the matter

of light which can government through

what is the correct answer see

this is

very good quite close answer that net

speed is correct transfer matter don't through which

we can make android paste perfect perfect

very correct

next

mayor has basically asked sir  Do you think you will

get a job after doing ethical hacking? Do you think that you will get a

job after doing all the practical acting? So let me

clear the drunken thing here that by

doing ethical hacking you will get a job

but only if you have got your skill

A proofed properly.  Well then clear it, if you like it

more then you have really learned then explain it then

definitely you will get the job or not,

but it is useful

in any field, in any field, if you have the work, then you get the job, till

perfect, very good to all.  You will

definitely get a lot of warrior memories from the conference, which you will get if you

work hard in it.

Next Lakshmi Narayan ji has asked

Sir please make a video on how to use oil

puja Kalidas, so my friend Chinh is there,

we will try to take some videos.  Here, there are

updates coming from many sources every day and apart from this, I would

request you all to bring the introduction of any broken stone and

bring a video about it and other tools related to it.

You guys should also use it,

try it once because the more minutes you

discover it, the more people you will use it.

I did not get it done in different bras and

why did I land in the play list,

your knowledge will increase more because it

seems quite Stuart, Swami's efforts.

So I will request all of you to

practice separately if

your skill is good

Sonakshi Here zero official has asked

sir how can we collect information from IP address

Sweta IPS how can we collect any information  If you

can, then I will tell you the answer to this.

Whose business idea is the match? Okay, if you want to

collect the Takara Can function from today's IPL, then what will you do? First you will

make a PIN to return and

after doing the PIN, basically you will scan the network which will

Through this you will get a lot of details, you will get

open pores, you will get this cross,

which operating system will be there and

through that you can extract many more details from the system,

where is the admission process, then you will do

network recording on it, we will

extract good details because typing is part

of networking.  The lesson is basically the network,

its perspective, I can find out a lot of symbols, if

you want to understand about it, then there

are some videos available in life, where after minute

standing, a lot of details can be extracted

from the typing. Listen, let's see. At

that time, Maharashtra comment has come from Gaurav Bhatt.

Hello sir, I am in ninth class, can I

learn mechanical acting? Let's

see what she will do on this. Is our

brother Gaurav right but can learn?

You are in ninth class, everyone including me can learn it,

because apart from  Also,

start learning from some teachers, you will get to know yourself,

you can see whether you can or not because you

start understanding things, it is important that if you see your interest

snake, then it is okay, by the way, here

at the complete station, it has grown

but now.  At present, if you people

also try to reply with their comments, there are

two questions of juice, let's see the pulses,

but in the reply you can give that if the

metro station is not connecting,

then I should comment something to you people.

I see, mostly what is happening here is

that if you people are

running Net Speed ​​through Virtual Boss and are

using the tree, then keep in mind that Net

Speed ​​has its own private network,

so you will get a fast.  Do your matters

inside your children box, after that

generate a video, it will work better.

Apart from that, the rest of the

details of first generation, which are the details of Anti Hero's IPR

Alcohol Potli, can be

shown to you in my video. Go and watch the video.  You

can play list, you will

go to the video, there is no use of this video,

you will understand things, there is one flaw, so it

is not there in this video, basically, follow later, if

you guys have any problem,

why is it not connecting, then this is  This means that if you

use the watching network juice, that is,

MS Word is saved from drops even inside the virtual machine, if the

link inside the MS Word station has a

different network, then it will be added back to it separately,

but the network is

working perfectly.  Do it and your feet were used in the family of wide

network, fill it with Vasai, watch

videos from some terrorists,

how can a good artist turn on too

much, Anil Soch, we have God, we

do Tim Tim, patient acting by

finding out the shortcomings.  We report it, spend

time in the company, find out the shortcomings in the

physical area of ​​the company i.e.

all the wasteful expenditure of networking

and do this, Anush, there

are many of them, if you have the skills, if

you find them useful.  There are a lot of jobs in the market.

If you want to check and

confirm this, then if you

search security and jobs on Google, you will

get a lot of them. You will see the projects,

you will get a lot of projects,

you just need your skills to work.

But if you also want to

do the pendant cutting from their house then you should have

complete problem, can you find out all the

shortcomings in it and how to improve it,

whatever tell you, it is very important from the morning itself, you

can definitely do it here.

Now let's start talking about the fact that the

price which was given to you from now on has come

50% off for 2 hours,

even after 2 hours the price will be insulted,

so you can seduce him by going to Flipkart.com.  We will keep it like this, those

who have complete course

can take it, rest of them, all the

people have Idea offer for them and in the giveaway, the

winner of this will be announced on Monday between 12 to 1

pm, so

give there.

This course will be available for free for whoever is interested in it and whoever is the winner,

then the ethical hacking scandal will be such an

interesting update that the course is there, you have to

grind it, whoever wins the sports, whoever

wins the investment, whoever invests,

you will be murdered

soon here basically.  I was telling you

that

you will get certification for whatever you post and for the Ethical

Hacking and Penetration Testing companies like

Kashif and Dros used to fill you up for this,

basically you will get

certification and you will also get to do internship.

You will be impressed by the

work done on the life project

and at the same time it can be done on your face too

but it will depend on your knowledge about what

you have done, then all these things will be

completed and you will

get a certificate.  You must be complete, you

can apply for job anywhere and they don't use

you completely,

editing is not enough there, the fact is, here

they add gym session, very good, ok, it was

great to meet all the wards.  Add lights S2 here and

this is your 50% off luck for all the audience,

it is only for two hours, so you have to go

to Seduce Twitter.com and

there you can buy more Ethical Hacking Penetration Testing.

And also which is our

second dog interview preparation course on which I am

doing a lot of notice,

you are getting the complete course in which you will get the

interview paper.

Many of the people have

bought it so far, so you can go there and purchase it too,

so thanks Students

Time Cycle that you all are here, see you

again at the Shabbos table

[Music]










To

Is

happened

Hello hello friends how are you all welcome

Interview Tag I am Ashish Kumar to you guys

I have brought a live session here where

We are going to see your comments

Discussion means the problems that you people have.

It was coming somewhere inside the videos

All those problems inside a laptop

We will discuss and I will like to get down.

Try as well as Give Away Anything

I brought it from you guys where you

Some questions will be asked and whoever among you

Which percentage will give the correct answer?

What is the course of ethical hacking?

Give a gift will be done as well

There are some more interesting things that you

I will tell you in the middle of this session, stay tuned

To see things here you can visit these

Everyone has come, you must be able to see your waist.

All the vehicles are started. The vehicle is basically started.

Let's do it here, we are the ones who see the truth.

Are

had just gone

If only we can see the comments first.

Ok ok perfect everyone is here

If typing is ok then from first comment here

Related let's see if we have

So here Mystery Kumar basically

Some rate related tools to comment

Tell me what is the rate for videos remote

Access Roshan i.e. such a virus was found

With this program basically one system

Goes and provides computers to him

Telling someone else it's related to this

I am here, please keep an eye on it, so edit it.

Let me tell you, take care basically.

The school is used for something wrong.

Do not do basic for MS Word knowledge

If you can take knowledge tips in Yug, here

But worship me, for this I will worship you.

One thing I am going to tell you is HTTP rate.

And the second one is our name.

android app

yes

so accident

0280 To send to remote access frozen

They come to our use, both of them will ask from

It is broken which is basically in the match which is here

But it works through STP i.e. dry ginger

Port Number Portability Send Website

Works on Tweet Protocol

does and which malla and egg it any

Whatever works through the application and

There is pretty much a system here that gives

I won't show you how to use it right now

But you can see in this and in the comments

You guys will be here to see

Comments will also be discussed which

Will give good comments and will look into it.

Whatever your real problems we tell you this

Can hand over interview discussion

Second we have one thing here now this

If someone goes in front of you then you should know about it quickly.

Give MP first I will do it and then you

I will give it some time within which

If you want to answer this then please which one?

The following is the pocket principle

What about scientific process?

If fielding technologies

What is its purpose? Why are you doing it?

The option is to remember the police station pass information.

According to images coming tracks end

Drop system and fat on stomach

Which of these is the answer here?

Please tell me as soon as possible when exactly the fight will take place.

That's right, many people are answering.

Perfect shot, perfect writing, how can this happen?

First they have given their reply so

Let's move on to the next question: yes and

Let me tell you the correct answer.

There is an information sign here.

This is the symbol of information.

Correct answer is because of information

Gathering is a professor who was the first

which performs footprinting

comes in in which what do you do in which

We like Duminy's target.

can generate information related to it

So that we can make it work better Latest

Let's see students come to us

Roshan Kumar If someone's Mangal Pradosh

Milk Excuse me here Baruniyan Kumar

Ne sithi kya hai can you please tell me how

To start and career in field of hacking

This is a very good question for all of you.

Portion basically must be quite disturbing

maybe how to start your career

The first important thing is to improve your skills.

Develop your skin show Jhalawar

To clarify that you are looking for a particular domain

set it very high in particular

Website development like Domain i.e. Kaisa

Is inside her and website penetration

Testing happens if development happens

There we use app for android in cutting

So what happens in the office?

If you find the flaw and it is perfect then

Our back side interesting

That song will go like this if I

If songs were made in form then I would have got my career

The first thing you can do is develop skills.

Take care to clean your skin and

After that it automatically points

There are many people here in the project

There are many sizes of pakodas that we have.

First, where we work on the project

You can practice your skills

Be basically practical and do it well.

can develop and if we follow this process

If you follow then it will definitely be good.

Banking is also available in opposition to information

On the contract and the rest we will talk about the court.

What if we join hands with some company?

Vikasnagar will be able to work on their project

Already working on effective project

So here you hope that the Parliament will

You must have got the answer to the question that

The one who comments like start first

Banks should be prepared by developing their skills

work on the project do something in the blink of an eye

If certificate is required at the place then get it

Otherwise I believe that if you have

If you have skill then you can definitely do any

Project if you have to prove yourself

He has done his projects in Bigg Boss.

If I don't practice then you can make a good career.

Can but let's see next here

We

So next is our depression Rawat.

He is commenting, this is sir from his computer.

SEBI should tell what should be the confidence

You can launch this video on note Savinayak

But basically whether you can read or not

Okay so we can comment back here

Is anyone good at OK cyber security?

I will tell Seema about this program here.

But right now we have to see that your computer

There should be a definition through which the meeting

So we can do this when we read basic

If there are computer processing

We don't have that many people, right?

Just so that our Kali Linux can do more

It is better to have dual boot and washing machine.

If we have a son to run then what are we here for?

We can do basically 4GB

You can take a computer with 4 GB RAM

At the same time, only the A phase of the submarine will be included in it.

There are a lot of copies and we, Papa, are official.

Even if I don't cross, our work will be done once

can start butt if you want

If you want to make a computer then now I will tell you

Would recommend more tears on Bigg

Boss will leave you for the long term

He ram a detox minimum balance and he

Those who are sitting there after taking out the food are yours.

It would be better for

Classification Machine runs for two-three years

I am there for testing.

If you want it well then it's here

If the configuration is basic then you

Your 4 GB RAM will work normally.

computer and you have to click on it

As if we should see how much we

As much as the property is being used

The processing will be done accordingly

Competition questions can be increased if

If you have laptops then this is what I would request.

That you once good take descent in front that time

He has come quickly to see that he is fresh.

Comes After Footprinting

What day is coming, everyone give peace quickly

Scanning Transferring Files Network

Which of the following is a system of numbering?

The thing that comes just after Footprint In

Quickly tell everyone I am here

I am waiting in the comments ok ok ok

Everyone is giving the answer that something is wrong

The method is perfect here and you all

From here we are giving that of this printer

The first topic that comes after this is ours.

network scanning network scanning

Corruption is an answer i.e. we information

What is the network doing after gathering?

Scans the phone on the network

Go to Information Gallery and open there

Pors watch their service here

Very nice day people gave the right answer

Have given let's see next we have

007 2 Ankit Kumar took basic comments

It is written where sir can apply

For its development, as you

Whatever was said at the time, it remains the same here.

Want to ask what I write more

I posted a video where I said

But to make your career these

You can apply for this from us

Asks where to apply

Basically do whatever you can to start your own.

ok but this is the first thing i

Let me tell you that you should develop your skills.

Have to do and will be developing answer skills

When your intelligence is in this field, you

Will select now as if asking

You found penetration testing difficult?

If you find your flat interesting then you

For cyber security and its job

Should apply from development and kidney

If it is related to the question then you

Will join the same, now go simple

There is no job in certificate which

There are jobs, the jobs also have names, they are called this.

Cyber ​​security is done in different ways

Security and Cyber ​​Security Manager

How do we get jobs?

If you want to join Security Anil here

If you want to do it then you will write on Google

Security and Jobs Augmented as much as possible

Show such vacant sarees in front of you.

What is important is to search the right thing.

If John keeps the petition then there will be very little hanging.

that will give you a reason to lean in front of you

The name of direct job should be written as Jersey.

Wrong, those who do not have a job, here I am just

Complete platform to prepare this

We have a frill, we have a different job inside it

Let's catch Cyber ​​Security and Response

You will also get information about the department properly.

You will get the right development so that you get many things

Will go here OK IF ONE SEES COMMAND NOT

WORKING IS CONFIDENT BASICLY YOUR JOE

This will improve your Linux operating system.

If the system is not to be done then overhead

Let's see the rest continues like this and his

Reader Leader on Special Guest Benefits

Study and I too will become fat there.

And if you are in CMD i.e. your computer

If there is a window then use it there.

You have ipconfig so ips

To see, keep in mind the iPhone

CMD Anil Joshi will not use inside

let's see next we have

Footprinting is a question from Sunnah

Have Present has ₹2 Who is That Passive

Active Anugrah Cement Social Awakening

Maintenance Which of these is the correct answer

Quickly tell everyone here ok

Perfect and send a text message to

Answer has been given, ok two more consecutive delays

Everyone is absolutely right from that vehicle.

There is delay because active money also has two ways

are inside britney and what about them

Meaning, would it be open lighter?

Those who understand, I tell this video

I give here that active and passive

What is scanning basically i.e. when it

Don't take leave, drinking means a lot

It's simple to share any patient information

There are two ways to do it, first

I can directly contact that person from somewhere.

contact him custom call him

The process which is like a verification waterfall

Have you been calling for days, have you got any information about it?

Then what should I do? I use third party service.

But go to off social site and about it

Extract information if I am a third party

Services means that percent from a distance

trying to be informative or philosophical

So that app money information gathering so here

But this one of ours is active in the Pacific Ocean.

The part is bust, what is active in it?

What basically happens in a part is that our

Whatever we use, we will make it a director.

We call him for more information

we will send him mail we will

Will direct it through when we pin

Will do when we scan directly

If you have not done the details by going to the network

There was active information gathering.

So hope all of you will clear IPS.

It doesn't look like the show is basically cosmetic either.

You can post your ad and you will get your table.

will show IBN7 if you can

you are connected in a good way

will do it automatically and here's what happened

ok perfect ok will see more retention

Here's the next comment he came back

Sanjay Rang The enjoyment he doesn't have

Please sir, what are the timings of OBC?

Want to know the fate of reaching here?

Show is not happening for the districts and hope

For those of you watching the video

The port of Enjoy that we saw would be there.

Showed forwarding again wide area network

I saw famous so there among you

Some problem may arise or

What we did in caffeine juice like back time

That on the canal also you can find this

The program will be coming that the true hero's

Link is not working i.e. drafting is visible

If that show is not happening then why not

Regions may be the first thing that you

People Menu And You Will Stop That So

You know we would have signed you up on

and after sending it to us here

Get Function To Convive Vacation Token

We basically have to do it mentally, so if

If you haven't done it then you won't enjoy it.

Maybe what needs to be done there?

Like we add that to medical NGO

If you download it, your English will improve.

Champcash person fun simple scientist

Through and go there and see this which

Anti Hero's Big Five i.e. Zero

Which memorandum was submitted or not?

If not then I will sign up and

You have all the electrification tokens.

Through destination districts with command he

You present the command here and he will hit it.

What will happen to the sponsors?

Once you get certified, you will be able to use it.

So here the ranges of this way

Can start if another process you

If you want to see then you can do it like this

Try using Zero separately.

The obsession with being used is basically that of writing.

The main region is that which your

And when the account is opened it is set properly.

He would not have copied Bhajan Kishan.

Some digit has been left out, this is why it is not time.

Keep in mind that your contribution

The control is of the computer which is here

ok perfect joint cyber from time to time

Security Questions Certification OK

And the second thing is if the first comment here

But I have a comment accordingly.

Let me tell you that if you want to make this career

If you want to develop skill then you have knowledge then here

You can learn the best from many places.

The guest is not on him but you are inside him.

Basically the knowledge will be dipped very well

So you should prepare this country also for that.

So if you want to share it or else

If we want to go there then we will try to do the same

The Rebellion of Testing Was Collecting a Petition

Hunting needs Android application center

So you can do joint if you need basic

The lesson of Tor Advanced was to learn my patience.

The base way is so you can launch it

You can also read your urine on it here

And let's see next come to us

Must be here hello sir what type

Fasting after penetration on date of birth

Testing What is Monitoring Mode on Packet

Packet Basic Monitoring Motorcycle and

I don't have the hands for a second time

Talking about plastic, if you

Get an ecommerce website instead and then somewhere else

also go there you write that wifi

Adapter, if you write an affidavit then your

Tick ​​will appear in front of you when it comes to any

Can be taken in juice instead of company's normal water.

Gemini morning vote comes if you

If you want a good one then it is a very good option.

Network length will increase now

She has normal skin. Next 9 News

If you have a wifi adapter then take it into battle

Can and second thing monitoring mode on

I am in a mood today, here is a packet vote.

I don't have it so I have it here

This fat gd is okay so this is what we have

Manage Romantic Mood What is this?

If you people use distraction

You must have seen the video of WiFi hacking.

What do we do there?

A normal person, normal water or normal

Return does not have that much authority

Why did they say that if we can see around us

what happens here what do we do

Microwave First Features Father Him

make him worthy as our

See in class I gave you one earlier also

Gave an example like this in karma class

The teacher goes to the class and makes the clock stand.

All those who have authority

Seeing the students, keep an eye on everyone and every

Keep an eye on the correction and report to him.

Do the same to your teacher here.

What do we do when we are in monitoring mood?

Vashikaran is the salt to return the passport.

After that they were connected to the withdrawal support.

If you provide internet then you are here.

What are we basically doing if we surround ourselves with this?

If any network is connected to it without

Want to monitor it if you want to see it

The body of our back managing team

Change monitor mode from there.

Will have to take in the gift for which we

Items least used by you

Let's turn on free mode, I will change it.

We are in monitor mode here

What will happen if we change the monitor mood?

Basically whatever topic is happening around.

Network Center can read them all

and after reading we are basically quite there

Capture everything from files

We will take ID password and if any good

Dish is accessing and has data

Whatever data we develop elsewhere

That's for sure that I go to Roy de Network

If it goes in, here we will use it.

Monitor More's Use by Capturing This Data

I can capture the packet

If there is nothing dedicated inside then I too

Can add ok alert even

President or will you remain a question Apna Aakash

Whatever is there was completed next.

Let's see ok next we have Kishan

Kumar ji's comment is that sir ji you

How to know the vacation of Bigg Boss

Time Music Play Application Ho Website

Is it an Android application or is that application

Whatever be the process of testing, it is very

It is very easy to touch.

It may take time to do it well

I can dunk that butt very well

Know how we can find out how

First of all we will do information gathering

Tell me the next process quickly in the comments.

What will happen after information gathering?

What will an Android application do basically?

to find the solution within a week or

If anyone has any information please let me know quickly.

Record of bursting in information gathering

What is the next step after this?

I will do that which we had asked earlier also, ok

In which scanning, so quickly?

Please note that the network here is not perfect.

So here is the basic network of animation

We will scan the information after this

After the information day after the gathering

When there is network, it will scan the network.

Will it give open pores and what after Network 10?

Will tell them quickly and pack here

But the reply came very timely

Will admire means we have open pores

Find out the service and weight of the containers

Try to get admitted in them

Will ask questions to get more details from inside

In which many times we compromise the computer

can also do if we dip in the right way

If you go and do whatever work can be done then feature

I will put the plate in the video, this is the dress

number became third

If the line is approved, we will post it.

Next let's see what I have here

Is

Taurus will be spoon corn again this deep off

Now let me tell you these very simple things.

There are two basic concepts of John Packet Send.

By scanning the network and

In the process of network Saturn, the pocket

How to trace so that how much you would have it

If it is till the main system then here is the answer which

I have found press updates here

Which of these is the answer to Ping and Hui?

Tell me quickly in the comments, perfect ok.

Someone is saying PIN, who is setting something?

If there is a character then the correct answer here is

He is the 6363 one who is among us

I now monitor the packet as

Because through so many systems the basis main

While going to the server, Pratap says that

How many systems does our packet pass through?

The main immune system will reach our server.

If the trace reaches the system, it will be enough for us.

Helps in declaring the complete path

Which part is next for us?

100 feet se ne maneka where is the code

File upload file in PC and on what basis?

Channel Let me tell you that our trees

Generation's video together where we

Generate Android Firoz for Saudi

It is inside him to ask whether Nepal generates

Do it where it can be seen, do it as much as possible so that it

Questions will be asked and the most important thing is to move forward.

You type OLX and you get the same directly.

Will be found lying there or like you

go to your file manager and click on yes

You can see this inside the phone directory

Whatever is inside your womb, you will find it to be black.

Whoever is not made to keep that

That's where you'll go to the finals, inside the war.

Get Android applications that generate your own

hit whatsapp control daily via mf1

Here you can do it through

Where will the water lie, it will remain big

To clear the features inside the folder

Done next let's see here which

Of this is a basic element of security

Now who would be able to answer this question here?

So here's nutrition right now 24 when basically

Which one of these is difficult?

Which is basically the quantity of security

Integrity Actress 320 Early MP N

What do you think about its correctness?

Answer: A Okay, Perfect Perfect Okay

Okay, the charts don't fit perfectly.

From here they can find the answer which is of this

That is, what we call our confidence

That 2018 validity is these three things which

Yes, this is what happens, it will go inside us.

Almas Security Inside Security

Main part This is exactly our data tow

Compensate him properly by encrypting

To transfer from one place to another

It helps, let's see next.

Basically what Sarthak has written to us is how

To buy the Lord with another application you

I want to know the answer to this shop

please let me know in the comments quickly

I will wait, tell me quickly in the comments.

What How To Write Vision Application That Trees

It happens that the period was created by the freezing virus

When this program was made in English, it

Who can take gifts in the application and how?

ok then let me tell you here

There are quite a few different methods here. First

Method: Basically you can't butt.

What you need to keep in mind is that the app sign

Video for which you have to chant

I will bring it to you soon

I will release the movie video soon

Second one is simply you can use add

There are many different types here

If one side is not visible then this bangle

process means hiding behind something

Dena is also in this document file

And can search everywhere on the streets

You must have heard about gift packing behind this.

Expert, we could add this to that too

Here bonding means something

to share together i.e. both things together

Will work in and it will be visible which

Only that will be visible to the user

Another application that reminds you with

make you hope it happens to you

see you next

IT Security Recently Found A

Programs and Works in New York

Computer Date Appreciate Front of the Match

Daily Typing to the Computer What Kind

off this now tell me quickly which one here

Method of Malaviya can be meat which option

She is Chirava's blogger Trojan horse and

District wise we have four such options

Here is a program similar to this

You type all the activities you do.

All he's doing is recording

absolutely right very quickly people

The answer given is absolutely correct.

That's what people are here that have become okay

The problem is that it gets like this

If there is a program, what does it do here?

But whatever activities we do

I can type his name through keyboard.

Intruded into through the divider which

Market basically teacher and I here

But the giver is the giver of whatever input he gives.

do it he will record everything and record

Please send it and we will share it with the data so that

He can see everything i.e. no matter how much you

Secure encryption to follow anything and

You type your password, that's the thing

Will be seen there and let me tell you one more special thing

If any of you know please do it quickly

If you answer then I will also be active here.

I am wondering which clock is closed the most

Which is considered more secure which is basically

Who can tell if he won't strike?

What clock should I put here?

Which is not available with easy liter, which is not available with easy liter.

can't be removed i'm waiting

Let's see what we have in the comments

MPs go

so what

has not yet received an answer to which

The basic thing that can keep the clock locked is

If you share the record then which one is it?

There are keyloggers which cannot be backed up, so which

That people are considered the best

Well, the answer here is

Hardware Kilogram is the hard work.

Hero, if it happens then it's okay, sleep with us

Basics of Hardware Keylogger Software

These people are stored in memory

works best and is easy

It basically cannot be tracked so it

You are considered the best by people who are next

Looks like the dream remover is quite good.

By the way, okay, here Allen is basically

It is written that the session is not starting

Please help which station should we talk about now?

I will also skin you here and there

What is our station when we use the net?

Generate Android Application through Speed

If we do that application then we will know about Gurjar.

Sell ​​as if war will click on it

What will happen after clicking?

After this the nation will be created i.e. our

Have that Android device complete

Exercises were observations not coming back

If so, what could be lacking then our

Will see the process once, training and

What will be the shortcoming of the entire process once

Here we used to give what is the process most

First we have now Mere Sanam Re

Generate an APK using e.g.

We used KP's generator to generate Happy's.

What thick slices hit after

Had to get up and take bath but its here

What is internal is that we have to

On and coastal put apart our belt

In addition to Android Day, it reverses

Apart from activity, we also get IPO here.

Had to mention port which is very important

Because of how the plot works this one who died

Trees basically call it PDP

is here

So this is our trees dot apk file

What does this payload do? Found stage like this

What is the program? 200 grams

Trying acting through networking

Do that will direct your lips

So the firewall which is an idea, I transformed it.

He will give gray hair to basic ministers

If Docomo will not allow you to access the system then here

But what do we do? We remain in use.

There is a program which tells what to do and how to work.

Sir, these minutes will fry till the system.

There is no special minister in this program

It will be as big as it is in the system

Someone will become a victim of the system.

If you share it in this way then it will be from there

Will request direct connection i.e.

Now this is our flour system

And this which is according to our victim's taste

are persons

Okay, so this is how to connect to the victim.

Joe doesn't try to correct it here

It's just not sending requests.

How or how to send that packet which is

Applications are the only cure for killing Android.

Calculate a device device here

That payload came inside, now what is that tree?

It's like it's back in the divide

That pan came and he himself is saying that my

This poster of this IPO has to be connected.

Everyone will know about this report

IP address is port and path is

Through which both will click and depend

does that will create tcp port tow

Sharif Protocol and how we will decide

This is what keeps me uploading

note table android meter reworked stp

It depends on what happened here.

Like it said by running on oil and gas and in

That I have to connect to the attack and this

Page and share the data by removing it from here.

If Tiger keeps doing it then only the Commandant will do it.

Whether there is a system here or not, all the data will be there.

Whoever is there will go near the tower.

Why not load the top ten on the computer

What is happening means if we explode

Questionnaire was the most important thing

etc. trees to reach road gender tax

How to reach it, it has the correct IP and

What should be correct here?

IP and support must be cracked so now we

What mistakes can happen if you

local network which prints the balance

If it is a local network then what should we do?

Have to attack here who cast JP vote

Where do we put it within reach?

Hello Hello Chandan, what should I have put IP?

are here and tell me quickly

Tell us in the comments inside the airport.

Let's go to the airport quickly

What is basically the value of the report?

What role will there be inside?

All is well at home, can plant perfectly

Phone number can be anything then port

A question has come from, a very basic question.

What is the report range here?

That means how much total we have from forest to

The answer to this number is opposite.

It has been asked in the depot i.e. this question

The one who has given the answer in DU

Placement will be given and its answer will be

Got it ok perfect so all here

People have given the answer with this

There is one more question which if answered then you

If you get direct relief then for that

Okay, so here is the answer campaign and

Check things out so we can discuss

We will give any post inside the airport

10 can give anything potum can give

So what we have given the store report to Ghoul

What will happen if we remove the victim there?

Is he trying to connect by removing

Will do if you have given a prepared report

hsn will create but I will create one more thing

Keep in mind that this flour will have to be chanted

The police is listening on that post by removing it.

Vehicles and we do MS Word control

Kesar this is our machine in net speed same

In this way I set the table for our two families and

Through that, what will we do here?

Here is the end most and the airport.

Will keep the site absolutely correct and most of all that

What is Local Lo Share Airport?

The portrait that we created of that plot will remain.

If plugged in a local area network

Nothing to do with wide area network

I wish we had tea and returned there

will also go but is left behind by 42%

will remain but changes are certain that here

Dead payroll is in operation of body network

It will be well understood that here the network

The 12 main gifts he gave us through

At home I write Anjeer Anjeer OTP further

Post So what are we getting?

Have to remove TPWS in Dubai

What do we do after this fuss over here?

Dormant has to take his gift in potka

writing inside the airport inside the airport

We will put the oil highest to put them

And whatever we have to write here, we

If you don't change then the director will

I will give it to someone who understands, it is very good.

Here we hope you will find a fashionable person.

The question is, we must have found the answer to it.

How can he generate the session?

Then what mistake would it be that we did not say

Now we will make any IPO wrong.

Will we keep listening or will we become like the number tree?

I am not adding it inside.

see next and say pass

Next question will dad sales come back?

Times & Resources What Isn't

Accurate Profession Basically Ek Hum Do Cyber

Security of Indian does testing

So which one of these two is there?

thing that saves our time but more

MP doesn't get accurate very quickly

Hee pack very MP you all quite

Everything is intelligent here and it's automatic.

What is penetration testing?

I have a basic M automatic.

If couldn't replace then automatic

Gyani is a program that knows that

This sheet has to be done but what is the heaving that the

Baba hacking basically step by step

If the process is not something to follow then

Here I have said that it is true that this process

Professor and your system is that it's just like that

No, you have to understand the system.

You have to understand working so that you can

If you can find the problem then here is the answer

Of course your given that in the auto

How is penetration testing easy?

Time tells but the universe is here

Cannot give good results and second special

I never replaced them

If you can, then it's ok, very good, everything is debt.

auto rickshaw is back here

Rishta Pathak has written the comment if both

What if devices are not on the same network?

This is not acting form sir please

You can definitely be in confirmation.

What do we do for testing first?

Type local area network and then

The same testing can be done through wide area network.

there is no problem in carrying it anywhere

Many vacation items can be purchased for Rs 50.

Register diseases and enemies by using any tool.

You can make the same thing viral

For example if to perform

I have created a plot which is basically system

In the Sadar system of Zakir Nagar, there

But what will I do to get back to that or give

I will give the entry key so that it is network

Only public IP can be given to connect.

I have my life in your domain there

What difference does it make if there is a wide network?

I agree on all things that we will go that

Just do it if we can't do it

Means I'm networking a little better

From this we have to understand what is induction of points?

I will tell you what happens to Abhishek

definition what is respiration

It is best to understand the input here.

The box is here, I will tell you.

Simply search, login, do anything

So here if our written carry run is

Daddy Cassius Clay's Cars If I

There is nothing else, why should I give a condition?

Can you give a condition here and one

Request One If I Marked Absolutely

One and a half thing: Bypass road has been given here.

Blocked some way to the square and effect

What is happening here if I slip

Earnings are used for career and only

Career is happening i.e. the website which is

I can give time to my heart, we say in slip donation.

she is flipping here

Inside the injection which happens in school

This is how your upset gets a loan

Some 10 to 15 minutes as many settings

In that the hunger strike will fall on the gray side.

So if your written carry is running

And the academy in front of you is second because like

Maheshwari I could have come forward

But did Singh Gudha use the code or someone else?

This thing seemed simple, so here I am.

Okay Butter will come here in front of the school

I am not getting add in address intact

include those questions in urdu

written carry but they require run

It's like I have Snapdeal on my side

It's happening for the audience so this means

Landeshwar is i.e. bank skin is one such

There is an injection technique in which

Basically we get the output of

Does not appear i.e. display notification

Patwari will not be visible if it is being run.

Through this the company can access the data

Refrigeration acid which keeps typing 2004

And yet it is found in every system

Every time, every 2 minutes, no one knows this

You will definitely find fault here.

It must be from the developer somewhere that the proper

Validations for every parameter at every input location

If you can't apply then what else here?

Any comment we have is good

If you have an innings, please let me know and I will pay attention to it.

I will give it here

Has happened

If you want to accompany the student's serpent

Of course you can, you can read those videos

Watch that play basically on your YouTube

List of that can read also

If you need direct channel instructions

So you can switch on the desktop

You can add water by visiting the website

Here you have the description below form

You will get it through warming on your

Do it and you can joint butt if

Internet is spent through AAP channel.

Want to join? Ok article.

To start writing you need to know the basics.

Knowledge will start from networking

If you keep someone under guidance then it's enough

Will you be able to hurry up the good people and what else

What is

What else, tell me something good quickly in the comments.

A question was asked so that it would be fun to answer it.

come in

Government's playlist of Ajay Devgan

Vacancy comes from cyber security

If the related cyber team is related to it then

Here some experience certification is considered

So before that I recommend you

I would like you to join the private sector first.

Earn money by working in private projects

Experience and develop good sleep so that

If you want job vacancies in government sector

Their criteria is that you have such 15 years

Dastak Express should be completed.

Second, from the good of our Indian Government.

Help you, your skin is very good.

The developer is WhatsApp High that you have

You have to practice so keep doing it very well.

First normal in private sectors

These projects work well

Can apply for turn off romance

yes what else is there

Has happened

Look, now there are many things like this

Which one is the best among these tails?

Anyone who breaks will come to his system

That just doesn't happen to you, you doubt it.

What should you use the thing on that basis?

It seems as if if you arrange a meeting with me then

If black eyes come upon me then silencer

based operating system that is not for

But what is here is that garlic is solid

You will get used oil and if you get my

If you want to save time then do your mission on Tuesday.

But I must act through the window

So I can quickly open the window settings loop

Name of the video that was blasted by the system

Tell me which one it is, tell me quickly in the comments.

Which is windows skin operating system

What is the name of the window operating system?

waiting in the system

Very few people responded to blackmail.

I am absolutely happy with what I have here.

We replied that black window setting

is the operating system that winters' entire

If I do this then it will be done through the window to Bigg Boss.

Converts Open System to BASIC

What have you done? Nothing special, basically.

There, whatever was necessary

Is it already installed there?

We didn't have to work hard to start something

To do and many people here would like

That you can do searchable editing only

What can we do with Android?

If you can do it from window then I can tell you here.

let me know if you have any device how to use it

The need to share things has led to the basic

There is no need to suppress what we do here

through any device that they

Reach stop has one thing Android

Recommended method Android so that the remaining options

If he cannot perform the terms

It will be much better than a rooted device

All the things we need like applications

Who likes our banking application?

That won't run in the bread device and

Along with it is one teaspoon to end it.

If there is a chance then the important thing is that you

any operating system worship any device

Where is it but from can be done in the window

By the time this work is done, the shampoo will be converted into soap.

You can download it or that same process time

You can do button linux in new videos

That I'll have blackmailed Chakli

Backstreet Boys are definitely here

If there are already tourists then our work is easy

Our laptop oil add setting will be done

It's off time, he didn't faint here.

k a

Ok, good

Perfect let's move ahead here

In the best assessment difference is Vaikunth on

The One Printing Assessment It is true that

This is wrong, please tell me quickly which medical

Is assessment different?

It happens otherwise it will quickly appear in the test.

Answer me what to develop

It is very important to control unlimited

Right, very quickly and many people will answer this question.

It is true that it is true here.

Only BT assessment which is risk assessment

It helps me a lot in my next

lets see

I came through your show hindi online sir

Linux replaces me with Windows

I don't understand how to install it

Which line should I install because

Please be a little like Windows

tell the womb if you want a good youth

Basically I would comment that

Whatever work you do, if you do it amazingly*

Not amazing, I got you my hands on me, amazing.

If justice is familiar then it is the best but if

This is not happening if you are not awesome

Macha that you want this and liner so you

If he wants, he can go to the temple there.

Shankar is more than himself because of Kajal

The distribution center is whatever you want.

If you are getting good UI, then where can you get it?

Here's where we'll find the items in Fedora

we will get back garuda and its

Except if you want to act in winters

So it's blackmail as I told you.

Blackness can be seen directly in winters.

Because if we do then who is there or not?

It is not necessary and depends on who.

I have to search these apps only on this matter.

Depends on what you want to do

How to Buy Anything for Free Not Free

Things that we consider basic as ours

It would be better to turn things on rather than free.

It won't work, turn it on, it will be less and a lot of fun

Ok if karna yadav decrease in this website

Get out and report on your work like they did

I am going to buy something very special from

You will have more fun with someone's actress.

Neither will you make the teacher equal

You will get what you want and say goodbye

You can't inject the app

Techniques We Can Use to Find the Web

Application British Is this true or

It is wrong, tell me quickly here, very

Soon the answer is given that the extension

Technique chain and also use to find web

The application cannot discriminate

Britney Spears is very tasty

I can do everything by injection here.

This is the correct answer when Bigg Boss

The SQL injection is everywhere.

150 Android applications are available

Federation made vitamin C to web

Application That Skin Anything in Life

The injection can be bad, we just need to know about the deficiency.

If it is kept then where can the title be?

If there is good w have

Application for watch or a nice little house there

I have come only because I am Strange Sandhu

I may have problems but its very good

There are ways to get him back

So here is the comment by Radha Shahid

It is written that SMS has been disabled, how to do it?

So it's getting back to massy related that

If we generate Android application

Had taken out friend's penis through it

If we suppress SMS through

All the systems of the victim's system

SMS then their affair gets reduced.

If it gets downloaded into the system, it becomes their

You can see where you will give me 5 to 10.

You can see, tell me quickly in the comments.

That we still have and SMS the commandant

He has done that fruit in the matters butt.

Strong E E

Will make a wider networking video again

If anyone knows about this, please give it quickly.

Has happened

That if I tell you then you are also something

Told here st steak radhe-radhe

If we write, as soon as we write, we will see it there.

You will go more and here ok thanks and

Will Neem do it? What happened to them?

Thank you here and who basically

That Rathore thanked him for his residence.

What is basic? Question has been inserted here.

Kutch can use your IP address

end crime criminal activities

Yes, you can definitely do it, yes in fact

One thing is very much family that if your

Which is the system if at some time or the other

Compromise everyday you don't know i.e.

Never have any questions after getting the work done by Vaibhav System.

If compromise was made then that advance

The system can work with your system.

You can activate this text anytime

And you won't even know it's soaked

The system must have been kept in Bairampur and

You are not allowed to do such activities on this system.

will be done through which you will know that

You have a system on the well, by the way, if you

Is intelligent and reads like 'Af Ethical Hacking'

If you have all this it's a strong leader

Can't even figure out when your system is on

That's not a quarter inch from and if you in

Everyone will ask how Shameless found out.

So you have to follow the complete process.

We will have to understand everything like this

If you want to get all the information through direct three pages

You will be able to understand what is this

If it is not happening then it is so or not

Will make you understand its best

will have to end or you have it ok ok

So let's move on to the next month here

What is the teacherless training how?

To hack a system so what are the ethics here

What's special about this thing is how to make a system.

So now let me tell you

System without permission

has to do that has to do has to do

Will you fix the electrical match or will you do the work?

Softwares and servicing importance or to

Things Like Share and Know How to Different

By attacking the truth or how to hack the network that

Is 100 So here when we call a server this

If we do something to the system then what kind of thing is it?

which they have to take more care of in the serial

It is very true that means all the people here

My friends are all ethical hackers.

Absolutely right that we need Edison

It is better if you do it on the back side.

kind of information happens because we all

Knowledge about it is thicker than shampoo

Have to think about what activities can be done

is its base system system will be

But what can I do with just one strip?

So all ethical hackers are very good for themselves.

Copy it once here Next

let's see the me near me

Akhilesh what is the vice president saying?

ok first thank you so much and quite

Bada Wrote Basically Jo Team Sir This Video

Very helpful in these types of problems

Venerated Medspa Subesingh from here

This method style is similar to question saif

which I have created to oppose

Tried but the makers were changing.

After changing the permission, things like these

Open Quantum and reboot.

What we put here is this tutor

Basic as soon as the location of the gift is tribute.

what happened after school dance

After satisfied and again open contest

Meanwhile York and see this note okay and

i don't ok perfect ok so it's very

This is an easy problem, what is the answer?

Basically what would you like to say here?

I would like to extend that we wore a black dress

McDermott had made it to change

Home remedies were changed continuously due to which

Amla seeds, sorry, changed here

If Chanakya's place never changes

Here to tell you the distance

Create a profile to do and run it

The message was sent and now we wanted the password.

That every relationship is fixed, basic mercy on reboot

If the system message is sent then click here

System medicine will be removed as soon as possible

No, he and Justice withdrew from the contest.

The power contact on the front is white.

If it comes in handy then who didn't earn that money there?

There was no such thing as report chapter eight and

Our party location i.e. reboot

We were getting Joe Biden on the department readymade

She was not there, there was no comedy like that

Why couldn't friends wash their heads?

The first thing is that if you stay in the route, if you

The contest seemed to be edited and everything else

Check if you come out of form

Normally you will have 50 contacts.

Because of the hours fitting in your route

That thing was changed and second thing if you

If you are back in your routine and

Try it tasty if you don't like comment.

If you can see then its clear meaning is this

that while checking here we

Thing control is asked, you are asked

For light you will see written below

If you don't comment corrupt then that thing

There will be no difference between control and pressure again

Rathore will create an enthralled toe

After that you can exit through control act.

If you don't do it then your

It won't happen due to fat and if it doesn't happen

How do you expect the Commandant to do this?

Must have got it let's see next

One phone number of STP edifice is all a lot

Very easy and very good question that port

What is the number of acid GPS on tip?

what is the post number office idea here

Versus Flavor City and This Give Me This

Corrupt, please tell us quickly. Very correct.

You are very character MPs, you all are perfect

Okay, so the correct answer here is

airport atm photo3 tell me quickly

Who else is this post for?

that there is no confusion to anyone

A perfect ok great eighth vestige

And that 320 behind, well someone will tell.

What is the name of Tasty Bhi Ad's service?

The question is for whom is the part in Give?

Is West Indies First Question Readers

This is our HTTP ad service eight tips

Which service is this photo protocol?

It is necessary very good Mayank good answer

Exactly from here you heard it here and

Who is who and who answers?

I am perfect perfect

Perfect Perfect Perfect Ok Enough Now

People from here, there is cab service here.

Basically Shikva is a time certificate which

that add to our activity side

The society that makes your data difficult

I can pay the entry fee, it is safe, ok

it's very nice

is next

Let's see if there are many passes here then Hamid

Jo basically wrote their name very well

Why don't pick up white hotspots

For this we need to use basic mail message.

You will have to read that your digestion size is that run.

Don't do it, basically our pattern is fine.

Through the free version of zari pattern

Award Five Our Thing That Changes My IP

Click on any python file

If I were to run a program in absentia, I would

how to tell money sugar work a lot

Maybe no package is important

If not then what should we do with his hair?

Will have to read the album of the sea for good

Will monitor from If you read it carefully

I will find the solution easily

It may take more effort for the first time, but

gradually add more to it

What effect will it give? Find out its solution.

If possible then we can tell it through basic ribbon.

You can see, only then you will tell MS Word

Inserting Minister's Cott has come to the fore

These were two input fields like search box

Off One Abilities of 1552 One Sensitive dB

Information from this Bigg Boss attack

Where was the input removed?

Minutes are inserted inside the box.

To mix skin with data

It's formal here I have the middle attack dog

Attack DNA Standing and SQL

Who will give the injection? Answer this quickly.

Text cyber will be going on on this topic

Have replied very quickly and let's see

Who are the traffic on the road at which places?

Schedule is giving absolutely correct answer here.

Injection of a sauce where I

Not even the input box itself if we stop

Parameter is also available in any post method

Basically post data inside or gate

Open us up just about anywhere

If you get Amazon inside this remedy

We can see by doing just this much attention

keep that in the database somewhere

Taking any data from there to Ling

Set it here then if the data from there

He is recording first mud jaggery

IS reduced is working so we can use it

Information Editor of Kadhi Bankar Database

Rekha Computers and this and that

Through a little hard work we can achieve the potential

System is chapter i.e. complete

could also compromise the system

Through money I will understand how to work the system

Maybe this is enough for people for now

A big comment has been posted here

The explainer came from the designer himself.

M Searching Toot Wasteland Website Hacking

Penetration Testing and Quality Hunting

And not by chance life into your channel

Diamond like you are always with unique thanks

You all know the best dressed

Website Hacking and Absorb Hunting

Programs Dabi Mental Like This Vansh You So

Much better thank you all ingredients for and

That Newborn Bug Bounty Hunter Loves You

Respect to thank you so much with now itna

It's not much but thank you, just try

Do that respected small information

Thank you for sharing via Twitter.

You so much for this comment and become OP

In the Name of Basically Thank You So Much Destroyed

Let's see here okay and a very

I came here for good

But what is it that I have made my stance clear?

That as soon as the court is coming in front of you

The codes for Last Twenty Match are valid which are

We will try our best to help you by visiting roadways tube.com

You can purchase it which is ok

Advanced Open Testing from Complete Co.

Basically you can take it from here

If you are looking for growth then these flats are available at 50% off.

You can see it here, apply it.

And update is 50% care that you get

Will go to questions and desktop now

visit he take it keep in mind that

This is what this code is for and is only available

Ulhas for last 2230 minutes 2030 minutes

You have the code for

Could on this occasion because very good thing

Now the update is here give me the last one

You can use the report available on 26

You can try lap bless you talk toe

You will find its link in the comments on the website.

You will get details from the route and apply.

Do it and you can take 50% of it.

everyone take note

Has happened

do it

Has happened

to Ajay

Has happened

do it

do it

that a

a written

put me down slowly

Has happened

turn on

To

Is

Okay, so I hope you all have seen this here.

This comment is basically our court.

Must have taken the cord and keep in mind at two o'clock

If it is valid till 2 pm then you will get 50% off.

Will be found here in Economic and Ping Post

If I may give a little introduction

You get everything inside this

Basic text of Wedding followed by Android

Application Testing and Penetration

The Basics of Testing Python Scripting

Your ghost script will help us

Also did scripting as per development

Show you some programming here

If you go then all these things will be completely complete.

Poem given course is here for all of you

But those who use it will get 50% off.

Will go there only for my two o'clock

Ok 2 minutes in, next question

Let's see here the paper is the system only

After taking bribe permission sperm donor

Taking return permission if I

I do more honey of the system, okay then here

But which one will I bring i.e. if

If I take the liter commission that they have

I am looking for someone to subscribe.

What can I say? It's all very good.

Very good reply is being given fast ok

But the set is ok ok ok wrong how to see

Some people can definitely do it here.

All the characters are right, it's great that you are black.

hat hacker water and pressure is very good

Ok so here it is white, what should I do?

It happens only by taking permission and following legal rules.

Have a website by following the regulations

Application is testing inside the device

It is important to do this without the missions.

Do not apply, focus on return permission

The Vikas Return Permission will remain as it is.

What is more important here is your return.

After we will do the cutting, we will make butter and I will

Let me quickly tell you that if I

access a system without permission

sometimes for good and sometimes in full possession

I will do some activity with permission sometime

Otherwise, which one do we have? I will do it quickly.

Tell me if I am on any system

Taking access sometime Bigg Boss way

What can I ever say in a clever way?

I'll take that tossed on the road

ok ok ok so light rain here

I will add it as it is and if I

I feel a system directly

If I stole his data it would have helped in the market.

What would I do if I only did such a thing?

I

It's awesome you my team and you

Horoscope is absolutely correct speaking Beckett whose

If the answer is correct, then who will it be?

Activated Remix will direct you

Will do harm but will do great activities

If so, I can do both, the meeting will be held tomorrow.

He is only legal and will contact

Will do White Hut in will do very well

Quite a good couple here.

ok here vicar rights officer if here

But I took wrong notes, sorry for this.

Here I have said sir how to find work

In website with help from active

You should through attempt because only add

If I can, I want to enter God.

So as already said where is any device

You can do it from impossible to impossible

It is absolutely possible for you to pay attention here.

Keep your device routine so that you

If more permissions and more routines are not given

If you have but Basudev it is clear

that i have website mundhal so what we

Will do third party services first

If we do information gathering then this is

You can definitely earn through the app Pinch

We can take the type through

Formality he has Raghu Dixit our

Visit a website even from a normal browser

By doing this his coach can inspect us

He can do it through the suit as well

Let's find the butter inside them first

If we can find opportunities then it is possible.

Sure, what are you all doing, students?

It is possible that bounty can be distributed through the internet.

Haunting or website can cause depression

Yasin can't do it quickly

Reply whatever we can do

can not do

Yes

Absolutely correct, do everything right, absolutely possible

So once the party is clear everyone is here

It has been said that ethical hacking can do anything for free.

Our feeling is not possible

But we take out that soil like a chicken.

We cannot consider it possible until

Have to fry until we get success here

If we don't get it, we'll see next.

If possible, very good question here

Is that the full sentence for posting?

What is the form basically Maa Tapasya here

Let's take a look at the open source intelligence coupon.

Scanning for Internet Open Source Internet

End up scanning intelligence is this

Sanjay, please tell him quickly.

What is the full form? Wait comment inside.

tell me quickly

That your ok ok ok and

ok ok very good absolutely perfect

The answer is open source intelligence.

yes this is the correct answer

Absolutely Very Good Perfect All correct answers

Now the second comment has to be given here.

That's what the app developer told us here.

Okay, I will do diploma in CS.

Will it happen or not? Comment this. Taken from

The record is gone, only you have to do what is yours.

I want to go at speed that you fear this

Depends on if you are pregnant

If you ask about it then you are very good

Will it be the same if I finish my graduation again?

Why are we afraid of reckoning?

MCA cyber security will also be available

If you are into cyber security

If you are studying then more for you

It is favorable because we invest our time.

He makes his own decisions in things

Do it yourself and don't waste your time

Specialization The course that suits you perfectly

If there is anything at any place in it

If you are getting into it then you prefer it.

It will depend on what you want to do

You can select anything according to the switch

If yes then let's see next

And we heard this question that

Python Language Can We Use to Write Tools

And it is specific that next is true

Are there some tools and

I can write a script that says I

It is useful to meet, please tell me quickly.

Sunil basically said it very quickly.

The answer given is absolutely correct.

Python scripting is absolutely true.

tubes in our digestion through

Most of the time, this ID that we have will do the trick.

Whatever work is easy, we will do it

By making Tuesday strips because Pooja

The system went to sleep and I call you now

If it happens then it is better for me that

It is difficult to make it and only on mother

There is input and there is worship of him which every time

We're going to take it out of the simple and some beans

The same fees will come around and we will use Python or

What is all scripting testing?

This is also a stunt for all of you.

Who would like to save what is skipping

I am better, tell me quickly in the comments.

What is scripting basically this year?

Has happened

to Ajay

That

Maximize the size of your suicide skin

The fitting is tasty which is our

DETERMINATION WE HAVE TO BE HOT AT THE TERMINAL

The ones which are less are basically due to shifting.

Director Linux Terminal to Front

I wonder who says scripting is best?

I am telling you absolutely right, absolutely right

The roots of Tamils ​​are explained here.

There are some things that make us justice.

One inside the direct type terminal

Through stripe he can send our certificate very

ok ok very good night let's see

what do i have you

Sub if scope in hunting how to visit by

Eating is too, how will it be next?

Who would like to answer this later?

Is it good or not to keep it in quantity?

What should a bug think about me once?

What does the future hold for bounty hunting?

Will it be good or not?

Dog talking is very nice

I am absolutely right, maybe you can tell me what to say.

He is perfect, my entire audience should speak.

Very nice, very strong answer

So here's what I'm getting at, that's basically the bug.

Bounty hunting on whom too much

Why would share remain then practical would stop?

See what happens when time comes

It increases and then God will help the teachers.

Removed shortcomings in sacrifice

Subscribe The salt regarding pregnancy

If it increases then the police officer did the same.

Just like a website is a cyber crime which

120 more come out in the last week and

By continuously misusing them then God

Tick ​​hunting is a matter of concern for customers and

If you go to this track and see the product

According to almost every company, you

20 with career that will be distributed to

Chat minutes later or News One British

Take me out, report to Tips Music

Do one thing to remove the disease so that

More secure that book from now on

Eyes are wide open towards security

And for sure there is hundred percent noise that coming

As much electricity as it will generate in every coming generation

How many videos will be created, how many websites will be created

Direct start your first thing to mind

Security Demand Kars Vikas gets hacked

enough to secure that thing after

Popularity is the same goodwill the company gets spoiled

I don't trust when the screen will go away from the shop.

Will work on this company, start here

I am able to see whatever is in the pack in the comments.

I think if this text is ok then we will see next.

Sir, are we here and can we become flowers?

If you are without IT background then let's do it.

I will also take the answer from my chat here.

So what without it background that you flower

Can you answer me quickly?

Is

Has happened

This is very positive and from good wards

Here you are absolutely right

If I don't have any background in anything

If you start then man will cross.

Begum, how will it work, that is, if you have not yet

don't study anything and now

Will you start networking?

Then after time become anti networking

You will take the first step that you have taken.

If you take it then you will become it, it will not matter if you look at it.

You should first get the enthusiasm or the good

If you don't want to start the computer

You have taken the first step today

Took to further increase my knowledge

If you start doing your daily practice

You are definitely not like that again.

good hard work in condition or up to good level

It will depend only if you can reach.

How much is your hard work and your first step?

When you take it late, how quickly do you take it?

the factories are very nice

So here are many of our previous

The question is this is basically the comment

We have learned a lot from you sir and we

Hopefully the article will help you in hacking.

Regarding and help will be available basically

Help you are as hot as you can contact.

I can give here I will try

I am through the remaining efforts through them

I would like to be able to share sticks better

Offline Online Kosis and Android Application

He is here for two days of testing.

Can I confirm you what Android application

Printed Singh's album has been launched

Which is basically online and sunglasses inside it

If you want to join him then

For media in the description here

If you get comment center for learning then you

You can join whoever is there through that.

So this is our line that came here.

If it is complete then thanks in full here.

Audio is basically the whole chat thanks to you

Everyone came here and asked some questions from and

Will discuss here if anyone else

There is also a special thing, so now I have to add the eye.

I am on comment, you can do sports while watching

If you have then it is very good to come here

Has happened

Has happened

ok let me tell you one more thing basically

That you people have given here that its

If the answer is given then it is ok

There is an announcement that it will be tomorrow at 11:30 so you

All will be active in community posts

Comment Basic Under Community Central

You will get the post inside the committee where

But we want to make a non-woven starting spinner.

What will be given to the former spinner?

This ragging man of ours will go to Africa 1499

50% of this and we gave it to him last.

The entire course will be available for free where

Android penetration testing middling

Middling Ethical Hacking Python Scripting

The basics of best shopping

You will get the complete course there ok

So tomorrow at 12:30 which is 11:30 ok sorry 1130

It will be announced here that

Who is the winner in mixer grinder?

Will select here and see more attempts

what's here

Ok look let me tell you one thing here

Do you also know programming language?

Like here you will be asked if you have worshiped

If it goes then it is very helpful but if not

If it comes then process as much as required

I am also showing that is enough

It is not necessary that you complete all the programs.

Sikhs in because if you article

Friends, everything is complete in writing.

If you keep learning, you will study throughout your life.

You will go into this field and do whatever you want.

Why you won't be able to make it is because

If you need to learn networking

ok but for and i like to sweat

The advice of a person means complete networking.

You started taking responsibility off your back.

I need only those things that are important to me

Movies are definitely that basic to me

Have to understand through which the system can be hacked.

saku humko computer programming advance

Programming in C is important.

I don't know as much as I should after reading.

I can understand that through practice.

If I make everyone great then no one will listen and

Let's see what questions are included.

12 How to Make a Bug Bounty Hunter Very Easy

The thing is that first of all you should do your best.

Do give return if god triangle website

want to do want to do this application

Select Dubai from both and send

The complete process is information gathering.

150 Assessment Examination Network Skin

That follow this process this process

Conduct what I believe is most important is that when

Till the patent lights the most important things he

Finding a correct perimeter is the best

The number of parameters you can enter in Dimple

meter if you could ask you find it

The better parameter you get

But if there is any drama on media then you can do it.

Having a daughter may be a long time coming

They happen where the developer gives it to the company

If we can't secure their Twitter account

Through Hum Dutta its quantity is very easy

There are many more things I can do that I can give you tips for.

here you

hello hello tasting hello hello absolutely

Many things are possible to develop here

Check out the new service inside Android

Most of what is there is less, most of it is not.

I will come basically button min that information

Want to see this until the Gathering of Audiences

Hai Ya Hussain in Android device

Is there any old thing in that computer?

ongoing development old things become old things

Suppose it happens if we talk about anything

Kari Yasmin if any tools for

If we talk about what was released then it is lacking a lot.

Gradually it becomes difficult that it becomes necessary

What would happen if less came out of it?

If you release the correct update then

System not properly updated

If the software is not updated then you

Can compromise if proper updated

So new time to hack someone

Will have to be removed and the medicine will no longer be in your system.

Can also do the old times which till the record

The weight that is in your vagina is also not enough.

And it is very comfortable there

Will run and let's see

Hello How to Great Protein and Cup

Basically a playlist will go to the video

I can see you in this video

will give all

ok ok so percent audio then here

We should end this writing here

last something ok great great very

Very good, I liked it very much, I liked the wards.

Very good chat here with you, thank you

So much title here basic element use

I will do everything that is our right today

Thank you so much for coming here

But end this live video here

You will get basically video and some more

It is tasty to add your own if possible.

Always today admin update he provide you

I will do it ok thank you

[music]











Hello Hello Hello friends, when I all of you

in the class at St. Kabir School at that time,

please open my video such a camp

where you all should subscribe to the Dishoom-Dishoom

channel

so that if you

want to like this video, then

open it here.  Let's take it, now we

can see first of all here, if we do everything

immediately, then we write here Dauntless

Chances Dad,

after doing the karma, if we subscribe, then

here

and here and here, we

cannot do anything here

and here  See

subscribe,

then

here

all of you were given the

solution by which if you want to know

how to

subscribe, then

see here it

is here, so whatever money you make,

first we create our local network, then

we  Do let's do let's

subscribe here

and try to find that I here

here

try

quickly here here here

whatever here

YouTube for school and very

good so here you can see the local

hotspot number  On tricycle record seat,

basically what do we have to do on it from the website

and it does not work,

we

open it here

and along with that, if we have to

enter here,

then

we are here

where we

subscribe.

Stay away from the lack of Share this category to anyone hot If I

reach this then I

will share it from here Control ship sync otherwise

through this control it closes then

country means this If

you press control system inside the terminal then it will be copied now  Let's

go and press here, I will

press the browser facility God, I will

press inter, as soon as you press inside,

you can see that here the

Chinese text is being inserted, so I would have written anything there,

maybe I will press you.  And

after passing that, here it is

asking for a permission to face the camera

like if you click on it then this meeting will

start my images here which

I don't know

here

you can see here.  You

can see

that subscribe

that method can be done either by removing it or by machine

and to do the soil machine

roast Kumar to dross WhatsApp,

this connection energy is stopped here fire

shot Raghwani so what do we have to do now  Let's

see, Amavasya is the first option,

so let us put the controversy in this folder,

then I will look at it by separating the disease and process,

then you can see that

a lot of factors have happened here.

What is the location of the folder, Kali Download Bank and then

on Relaxation.  Let's see what

benefits I have. Go to some of the places where

you will get the downloads. Here you have to go to the folder of Camp Islam. There are

few folders in that folder. You can see

here are my images which I don't want but those who don't do it

may get adulterated here.  But if you

want images, then I think that it has been successful.

Last time job etc. Chalisa is not the

solution. I have told you that if you do any such important

work

then

it has not

happened to you. If you have

understood well here, Edison can do it,

so I hope you can do it.  You must have liked what we have seen in Camp Ishq

Ka, so please like it and see

how we can have someone's daughters for a day. See

you

with some more new videos. Pind Daan. If

you don't like it then share it now.

Thank you

[praise]









Open Source Intelligence (OSINT) | Information Gathering & Footprinting - Complete Tutorial










Get Started in Bug Bounty🔥 [HINDI] | Bug Bounty for Beginners Guide



